---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #14 - What Lurks Among the Plum Trees"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, the party bids Mary & Ellen a farewell as the hopeful, dwarven merchants head off to find lodging in Cretia. Willow & Vine are quick to follow suit as they take Persnifitus to jail for holding – but not before Veera bids him a fond farewell.

As everyone takes a load off for a short rest, Kaladin succumbs to the exhaustion of his injuries and falls into an unexpected slumber. There, in a mysteriously peaceful realm, he knows nothing of – our gentle druid meets a bear and wolf made of pure light. Swimming to the center of this dream Kaladin meets a voice that calls him its child. A promise is made that they will see each other again very soon once his body acclimates to this flowering power.

The party proceeds to have an impromptu heart-to-heart as previously forgotten developments are brought back for the sake of each other’s well-being and clarity. Was Veera doing well post-tieflingification? Why is Kaladin changing now, too? Do all humans change this way as they get older – Sulu wonders?

Eventually, the discussion dies down and the party sets out for their stakeout. Split into 3 groups of 3 – Team 287 does their best to stay hidden and silent as not to alert whatever might be lurking in the orchards. While you’re setting up, a canid child is spotted walking into the dead orchard and disappearing into the brush. Yuka lets loose a pack of conjured Mouts into the trees while Kaladin opts to turn into one himself and gather some first-hand testimony.. However, he is immediately pulled into a poop-circle to fulfill his sacred, fruit-eating duty.

And it is then that something strikes. A black mass descends from the night sky and lunges for Maria’s illusory, stationary Mouts. While it passes by, Sulu is able to detect transmutation magic, but before anything else can be discerned it disappears over the other side of the fence where a loud thud and a muffled scream can be heard.
