---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #5 - Arrival"
categories: session-recaps
---

Team 287 has arrived at the Woodland Corps Home Base and everyone turns to Po to continue leading them onward. But before he can, the party is greeted by an excited trio of animals in the form of a giant hog, an eerily silent bird, and a fast-lipped stoat. Rosco, Brummer, and Plim (Po’s colleagues) were worried Po had gone missing and their boss, Mr. Silva, was quite upset with his unannounced departure. It begins to become clear that maybe Po had abandoned his duties to intercede the party in Woodhaerst, and Mr. Silva was the only one considering the consequences.

You’re all taken to the groundskeeper’s office and pushed inside while Po asks you to put in a good word to smooth over his clear denial of protocol. Mr. Silva, while happy to see you all, is too overcome with disappointment in his right hand owlbear going AWOL in the middle of his duties. Mr. Silva thinks it best you all report to the Debriefment Council for orientation and the inevitable questions about what transpired on your journey here.

The grizzly, eyepatched groundskeeper guides Team 287 to the fancifully constructed Administration District -- home to many Alpine A-frames that shelter the organizational operations of the Woodland Corps -- but none more important than those of the 3 Councilors that sit at the center of it all. Councilor Thealzia Shortfang, a sharp dragonborn diplomat with an appreciation for brevity. Councilor Gwynerva Brightwing, a towering firbolg who speaks in floaty declarations and enjoys pressing Thealzia’s buttons. And, way ahead of schedule, the recently retired and unsworn Gregory Beelzebrandy who had served as your Headmaster not even 2 days prior.

After most of you offer your testimony and one of you entertains the idea of opening a theme park as some form of emotional escapism from yesterday’s traumas -- The council accepts the inclusion of Po and Podrick as probationary members of Team 287. Coming with the condition that your group will be assigned a captain to help streamline the new members’ training and sharpen this small army of scouts into fully-fledged rangers.

Mr. Silva sets you loose into the shopping district within The Burrow so that you spend that sweet sweet skrilla you all had just earned. He told you to come back to his office when you were done so he could show you to your permanent lodgings.
