---
layout: post
title: "Session #6 - Of Drinking and Splitting Headaches"
categories: session-recaps
---
Choosing to end the evening with a celebratory night cap, Team 287 shuffles their way into Gutterbrawl Tavern helmed by one of the Grubtusk twins -- Veronica Grubtusk. It is when they first step inside that they come to find that young Kaladin, as a consequence of his mother's rather opinionated upbringing, had not yet partook in any form of drinking. 

With some minor influence from his teammates he is cajoled into joining a game of Gambler's Grog alongside Sulu, Podrick, Kaladin, and Kiwi. The battle was long and well faught, but between our final contestants, Kiwi and Podrick, there could be only one winner. Standing atop Veera's shoulders our tiny, shit-faced goblin reigned victorious. 

With the help of Mr. Silva, Maria comes back from a dip into The Crag to witness the aftermath of her teammates excursion. You're all lugged to the doorstep of your new home inside The Burrow -- a place you'll be treating as a place of respite between missions. 

Nighttime brings rest for many of you, horrid nightmares for some. Kaladin is the first to awake and discover that Veera has assumed a dark, devil-like visage and has yet to wake. The team discusses what to do when Yuka decides to wake her up with a dash of jalapeno powder which most definitely does the trick. Veera is horrified to find what has happened to her and Kaladin tries restraining her to calm her down. 

In the ensuing madness, many words were exchanged and confusion over Veera’s assumed curse reigned the morning. Team 287 decides to go talk to Councilor Beelzebrandy to get his take her tiefling-like affliction. The elderly tiefling ascertains that Veera may be something more than a tiefling, as his lit cigar earned no reaction as he pressed it into her arm. This upsets Veera, and she runs away.
