---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #4 - The Mighty Molala"
categories: session-recaps
---

With Riona dealt with and out of the way the party exits the cave with their treasure in tow. Forging ahead through a chilly, moonlit night the party returns to Woodhaerst to catch Mr. Ittner burying the bandits from earlier that day -- with Aywin, bundled in her father’s cloak, sleeping nearby. And so, too, do you sleep. Though the day’s events have put you behind schedule, there was no doubt in your minds that you should savor every minute of this well-earned respite. Unless, of course, the day’s happenings keep you wide awake.

A new morning conjures rejuvenated bodies and clearer heads -- prompting Team 287 to close the gap between themselves and the Woodland Corps HQ. During your final stretch through what forested cover remained -- Kiwi spots a looming figure in the distance, trying to earn his attention. Upon approach, the curious tabaxi is cautioned to keep their distance with mysterious whispers and other eerie noises filling the air. The stranger leaves a note impaled into the tree; it’s an invitation for two of you that made no attempt to describe exactly what for.

Emerging to the final valley that separates you from the mountainous Woodland Corps home base, Yuka contends with turning one of the many nearby bison into a new set of armor -- though he is eventually talked out of it. A giant owl descends from the clouds above and deposits a dusty looking half-orc topped off with a wide-brimmed hat and a battle axe. She says her name is Kid McHannah, a Woodland Corps ranger who, like everyone else heading east on assignment, was supposed to look for evidence of where you all had been. She promises to buy you all a round if you can survive Molala’s trial and make it across in one piece.

You take on this 100 ft wide magical river and manage to defeat one of its elemental guardians.
