---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #1 - The Final Assembly"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our session 0, we followed the electric morning that each of your educations had been leading up to -- Graduation! While the forgetful Headmaster Beelzebrandy was busy being delivered to the event by his soon-to-be successor, you all woke up to the day that would host your final assembly at The Academy. Sprinkled amongst the 700 odd students and faculty, our soon-to-be-party made their way to the ampitheatre where they would make their grand debut as Team 287

Yuka Tonraq, a wild fire druid who is as kind as he is tall -- accompanied by his small, ethereal snow fox, Kiki.

Kaladin Stormblessed, a nervous moon druid eager to be a useful member of his first team -- also accompanied by a small friend in the form of a mink named Sylphrena.

Kiwi, a sharply attuned tabaxi fighter with an apparently unfortunate appetite for small minks named Sylphrena.

Veera Danit, an intensely applied student with a penchant for expediting her success, be it in the classroom or the battlefield.

Maria, an intricately designed and thoroughly brassed artificer who may have brought their entire workshop with them in their backpack.

And Sulu Vapen, a foreign exchange student from the frigid depths of Hyldor who has managed to make an elderly tiefling’s life a living hell.

Following their grand introductions the party is unceremoniously ushered to the Academy gates to prepare for their departure. The shy, goblin courier from the evening before (who you learn to be a fellow student named Podrick) rejoins the group to deliver a final parcel -- a map to the Woodland Corps home base as well as a bag of medical supplies destined for the small village of Woodhaerst.
