---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #11 - Ellen’s Wagon and the Things We Find There"
categories: session-recaps
image: "assets/images/session-recaps/2021-10-19-Session-11.png"
---

Our session begins in the crowded, jostling chamber of Ellen & Mary’s wagon, the latter of whom was resting inside. Next to her is the weary and bruised Kiwi who has been offered a most peculiar ‘pillow’ to lay his head upon. Opting instead to examine it, Kiwi finds a well-crafted wooden box with colorful, elemental insignia carved into and painted onto its surface

Eager to get his more arcanely adept teammates immersed in this mystery, Kiwi offers the box to Veera -- who then says the exact combination of words needed to summon Maria’s attention -- “Do you think it’s a puzzle?” The next few minutes are spent studying the box and learning of its hidden secrets. A clever application of water, earth, air, and fire reveals an inscribed message on the bottom of the puzzle and prompts the materialization of 8, cascading hilts awaiting your acceptance.

A Hero’s job,
Is never done.
And those who fail
Leave songs unsung

So grab ahold
The strong and wise
Unsheath your swords
And claim your prize

Yuka, still aching after taking the brunt of Calypso’s assault, protests against jumping into more unknown danger so soon. With 6 pairs of eyes and a much shorter 7th pair staring back at him, it’s not long before Yuka relents and grabs onto the last of the box’s hilts. The entire party is transported into the small, extra-dimensional space within the box and finds 4 rooms lined in chiseled stone.

In each room, pairs of you are faced with towering elementals that mirror the four corners of the box’s design. One of you is quick to discern that within each room a lever is hidden -- and pulling it switches your pair’s place with another’s. In hindsight, one might think the purpose of the levers was to pull Yuka to your room just in time to eat a punch from each of the elementals. But alas, this was just a coincidence.

Over the course of the encounter, you all discover that the solution was not defeating the elementals, but instead standing on the circles that were linked together in each of the rooms. As Kaladin becomes the last to step on the final, central circle you are all transported back to the world beyond -- and do so with the added encumbrance of strange and magical rewards.
