---
layout: post
title: "Session #7 - Discovering Daddy"
categories: session-recaps
---
Previously, Team 287 was on Veera’s trail after Beelzebrandy’s upsetting revelation of her condition sends her running out the door. You all return to your house in The Burrow, thinking perhaps she’d run-up to the bedroom to console herself and hide -- but after checking every floor you find no evidence of her being here. Po recruits one of his animal acquaintances to help the team locate your missing member. This creature emerges from the shadows gnawing on a rotting melon that they’d found in the trash -- they weren’t the best but they were nearby, and their name was Trash Panther.

Scabby, smelly, and a little crooked, Kiwi thinks it wise to give TP a rundown with the ole sniffer. Everything seems to check out, and so the team lets Po and Trash Panther broker an arrangement to have them aid in your search. Yuka leads the filthy feline to his special place in the house -- the roof -- so that they might have a better opportunity to catch Veera’s scent. And they do, which has the whole team chasing Trash Panther eastward to The Stables. 

You find Veera tucked away in an alley feeding a small goat some hay. She’s despondent to the group’s arrival, still reeling from waking up in this unfamiliar body. Veera confronts the group with how you all reacted to her change, Kaladin having the most to account for. A tenuous understanding is reached as your old acquaintance, Kid Mchannah, invites you into the stables to distract you with the allure of cute animal friends. 

Among its inhabitants, you find a Giant wolf spider named Spindra, a large cave salamander by the name of Sally, a depressed red elk called Bambijuice, a winter wolf named Debby, a nameless, dangerous-looking egg, a Boomcat named Boomcat, and lastly -- a proud and regal Goliath Goat named ‘Daddy’. Kid was leading around Daddy’s kid, also named kid, and then made the declaration that Daddy definitely fucks.  Harkening back to her time on the homestead, Veera agrees to take Daddy on as her new companion and friend.

Outside the stables, the party is confronted by a two-headed fox who then wildshapes back into a two-headed person. They reveal themselves to be Willow & Vine, your new scout and Captain respectfully. Vine suggests you all go to the Rune Fields so that you may become better acquainted with each other's abilities. There you meet Driktur Bronzehide, Force Commander of the Woodland Corps and second only to Arcan himself.

He uses the Rune Fields to summon 3 fallen woodland corps rangers to spar with you. One by one you finish off your adversaries with a formal salute -- though a particularly miffed wizard decides to remove himself from the fight with a ball of fire. To Veera’s surprise, while Daddy does fall unconscious to this attack he does not appear to be dying or on fire. All the same, he is healed by your party members. 

As the dust settles, the portal to the Ethereal Plane opens once more, but this time without Driktur’s hand. Galloping back from her brutal end she met in the caves of Woodhearst, Riona stands before you -- dripping with bloodlust. 

{% if page.previous %}
[Previous Post]({{ page.previous.url | relative_url }})
{% endif %}

{% if page.next %}
[Previous Post]({{ page.next.url | relative_url }})
{% endif %}

