---
layout: post
title: "Session #10 - Staying on the Beaten path"
categories: session-recaps
image: "2021-10-05-Session-10.png"
---
The sun rises on the day marked to be your first ‘official’ mission as Woodland Corps scouts. Kiwi’s hometown of Cretia beckons for your aid -- not just to welcome back its mighty and capable son, but to also look into a series of odd happenings taking place around the town. 

As you all gather outside your house in the Burrow, Willow & Vine meet up with you for a quick overview before heading out. Firstly, Vine makes a point that they will not be your team’s leader -- instead, the dryad sisters will merely accompany you, assist when needed, and split up from time to time to help cover more ground. Vine then explains how to use a Sending Scroll -- a Woodland Corps invention that manufactures sending stones for emergency communication in the field. With all eyes on Sulu, you can tell he is not thrilled to find out sorcerer blood makes for a potent fuel when making said stones.

At one of the departure gates Team 287 is signed out and marked for your journey to the Doanian Province within the Realm of Estergas. While divvying up health potions, Willow reminds the party of the Woodland Corps’ revivification and reincarnation guidelines should any of you happen to meet an untimely end in the field. You all mark down what you’d prefer to happen should you die -- and on that very chipper note you finally set out for Cretia. 

At the Molala, Willow shows Yuka and Kaladin how druids cross magical rivers with Eldath’s Blessing, though only one of them is eager enough to try. Kaladin successfully transports the entire team beneath the river and your first day of hiking begins. The party encounters an elderly brother and sister who have had their wagon knocked over. While Kaladin helps the older gentleman wrangle his unruly horse with kind words and berries -- The party consults his younger but still very old sister about how the wagon was knocked over in the first place. She reveals the culprit to be a rowdy and violent dragon born who had been dropkicking every wagon he came across. 

You are all quick to find and engage him in combat -- not even allowing him to finish introducing himself before yuka gives him a taste of his own medicine. Upon defeating Calypso, his sash and other accessories fly onto Kiwi and take control of our tabaxi fighter -- turning him into the bright blue Dragonborn. The team is keen to focus on pummeling the belt and weakening Calypso’s hold, giving Yuka an edge in avoiding its thrall when it comes for him. 

With this encounter taken care of and the travelers of this earthen highway saved -- you strike a deal with Ellen & Mary to escort their wagon to Cretia in exchange for letting Kiwi rest inside it. Some of you notice the various, magical wares held within its canvas hide -- though there is certainly more that has yet to be seen.
