---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #20 - The Sundering of Fortressa"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our last session began in the seconds that followed Yuka’s attack on an elderly woman. Our quick-thinking druid knew this attempt was a long shot but the follow-up bite from his saber-tooth tiger was able to finish the job. The lizard woman’s hand fell to the ground as the violet stoned, silver ring resting upon it continued pouring out ichor. This is when the party’s most recent nemesis, a black t-rex you now know as Dominus, barrels through this altercation and B-lines straight towards Fortressa. With wolves close behind, Yuka throws Serpica and Kaladin on his tiger and seeks to reunite with the rest of Team 287.

With earth-shattering footsteps heralding an impending assault, Daddy’s Little Guards shut the front gate and brace for impact. While Maria and the rest of the logjammer boys fire up Baba Gearaga, You’re all surprised to see that the monstrosity is not trying to break its way inside – not yet, anyway. Instead, It relinquishes some of its ichor to construct a large, looming face that stares at you with sinister, violet eyes.

To you and everyone else hiding inside Fortressa, this nameless figure asks that their rabbit be returned to them – and once they notice Kaladin, they ask to have him as well. They make it known that death and calamity will befall Cretia if you do not comply, and so Sulu ventures to stall – and boy does he fucking stall. This chatty little fish boy makes a short walk to grab a rabbit take so goddamn long that the looming face never quite knows if it’s time to attack or not.

When it becomes apparent that your tabaxi-turned-running-back is trying to book it with the bunny, combat finally begins. Yuka’s saber tooth tiger is the first to die as Dominus demonstrates its immensely powerful bite. As you all continue to push your gigantic assailant back, it releases a terrifying roar that sends several of your bestial companions into a frenzy. Daddy and the rabbit each succumb to this call and attack Veera and Kiwi respectively. After establishing a very medium amount of chaos, Dominus grabs our young druid and takes for the hills.

But we know this story goes – whether it’s bandit centaur trying to steal a little goblin or a 3 story T-rex trying to make off with your leafy druid – the other face in sky, the balding one, never gets his way, and once again does he flip you a momentous bird from the clouds – a sign you’ve come to know as equal parts rage and appreciation for your clever antics.

Kaladin releases a moonbeam inside this monstrosity’s mouth – which sheds it of its ichor and turns it into a puddle.
