---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #31 - The Nature of Ichor"
categories: session-recaps
---

After a brief visit to The Crag’s one and only TGIF – the party is summoned to the gathering of the High Circle by Arcan’s protege, Kirstine. As you step through the glittery portal, you once again find yourselves in Arcan’s tree chamber – only this time there is much more than a single Archdruid occupying its halls. Noble and majestic practitioners of druidcraft gather here from all corners of the globe to lend their aid and their ear to the developments you have brought to Arcan and Vespa. 

You all have the chance to speak with Yuka’s lifelong mentor, Tonrar Naitoq – Archudruid of Wildfire -  and glean a little bit about their relationship while you wait for the meeting to start. With the arrival of the moon druids, who turn out to be moon giants that live on the moon – Arcan finally begins.

The eldest of the Volarius’ reveals that much to the world’s dismay, Doth Talbot, or something resembling him, once again roams its surface. The Woodland Corps’ attempt to stop Doth Talbot’s inhumane experiments has seemingly failed and it is now every archdruid’s duty to keep watch of what he will do after the incident in Cretia.

However, there is a silver lining. Unlike last time, the corps. Now has a sample of Talbot’s ichor – the enblightenment fluid – as well as two scouts who have survived being enblightened. Via The Ritual of True Nature the various circles of druidry endeavor to understand what comprises both your teammates and this necrotic substance.

After first hearing it from Doth Talbot’s own lips, you find out once more that Kaladin and Veera have within them divine lineage, something they have in common with the ichor. After talking amongst themselves the archdruids send Tonrar to reveal that the ichor seems to be the remains of one or more dead gods – something that, as far as they knew, was not something you could find. You discuss the ritual's revelations amongst yourselves and then receive a brief but encouraging send off from your commander.

And finally, to round off a particularly lore heavy session you are greeted by the individual hand selected by the Grimguard Commander herself – none other than Huckleberry, who shows just how much he knows you with a little ditty he calls ‘Daddy’s Little Ballad’.
