---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #40 - Full Metal Kisses"
categories: session-recaps
---

Last time, a City Watchman tries to get the drop on Daddy’s Little Girl’s, but Kiwi isn’t the type to let anyone catch him unawares, and so you once again don your best impressions of cockroaches and scatter into the streets of Waterdeep. As your uniformed pursuer tries to keep up on foot, Sulu and Po take notice of a punk witch with a hulked out hat who’s messing with the rollerways. But you don’t give her up, just long enough for a stray spark to catch this watchman’s attention – revealing the contentious.. Hmm – relationship – between these Full Metal Witches and the City Watch.
 
As it begins to rain, you all make it to Salome Dior, but you need to park ya mounts first . At the Stablestation, you get the option to leave your mounts or to buy Companion Collars, which shrink your mounts down so they are all nice and travel sized – which Veera and Sulu are keen to take advantage of. You waltz on into Salome Dior and realize that this may not have been your first choice if it wasn’t recommended to ya. You’re quickly greeted by the lovely and accommodating Letoya – who is eager to whisk you away to the Ellington Suite to get you all lookin’ prim and proper. 

One-by-one you get dolled up to perhaps the best any of you has ever had the opportunity to look – not a lot of showers out there on the road, huh? Kaladin, an inexperienced drunk as it is, proceeds to learn one of the newest downsides of being a dryad and makes it everybody’s problem (until it comes time to pay, that is). Letoya is also quick to answer any questions you all might have about things to do in Waterdeep. You’re offered up seein’ a play, doin an ‘escape room’, and a little trip down to Xanabar’s Bar of Many Drinks – which may just coincide with your hunt for Don Forccuna’s retainer, Nazeem – if you’re so inclined.

But now, Maria’s got some family to hunt down.
