---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #29 - Trashy Trouble"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, Daddy’s Little Girls reconvene at their doorstep on River St and prepare to discuss everything you have learned thus far. But, before you’re able to do anything useful with your time – Po finds that your front door is unlocked and something - seems - fucky. Veera peers through the window and finds the aftermath of a chaotic, culinary scene – one that had splattered the window with an undisclosed number of herbs and spices. Team 287 would come to find that Trash Panther and Po’s friends got high on ‘shoup’ and had spent the ensuing 5 days wreaking untold havoc on your cozy domicile. While sulu’s salamander gives each floor the ole Sally Special, Veera and Kaladin share a somber moment standing at the scene of the moment that began their tumultuous relationship.

Too exhausted to get to back to your discussion, you all find your own place to hunker down for the night – be that a forest, a roof, in the basement, or right next to a rebellious hell hound. The morning brings with it a hearty helping of change. Yuka awakens to find that Po has slimmed down considerably and developed a pair of wings beneath his arms – developments that our owlin monk is very eager to try out – so much so that Yuka has to stop you from jumping off the roof right then and there. Maria, Veera, and Sulu are summoned to help form a landing pad for Po’s maiden voyage – Veera and Sulu’s little grabbers too short to do much of anything. Po makes it far into the Burrow’s skies before he realizes just how far he’d gone – some might say 100 ft, others further than no other owlbear has gone before – and very quickly does Po learn that landing is so much more than simply stopping your wings from flapping. Sulu is able to provide a pointed gust of air that turns what would could have been a lethal crater into more of a very medium ouchie.

Meanwhile, covered in dirt and loneliness, Kaladin falls out of a tree. But not just any, his tree. And it’s a thick one. Giving himself the ole once over, our young druid turned born-again dryad finds his long-heralded transformation into an entling is complete. He wanders across the street, back into civilization, and shows his friends what he has become – and overall everyone’s pretty cool with it. It is in this moment that Gale comes skipping down River St and declares that this date has officially begun.

A towering, goliath messenger delivers an invitation for members of the party to meet the Head of the Treasury should you want to learn more about Don Forccuna and Waterdeep as it stands today. You head back to the Administration district and find a bustling building with people leaving before they have really even arrived. Inside, you meet W.B. Pebblepot, a well-lived halfling financier surrounded by an astounding collecting of memorabilia that can attest to it. Some of you hate him on principle, meanwhile others try to make nice with the person who pays you. Sulu, hopped up on the first cup of ‘brown water’ he has ever had in his life, ducks and weaves through the intricacies of negotiating with W.B. and landing a critical blow in his favor – earning everyone in the party an additional 100gp to fund your endeavors in Waterdeep.
