---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #25 - Homecoming 2"
categories: session-recaps
---

The party has arrived back at base – making a quick stop at check in before getting settled back home. An intense halfling going by Charscody and their helpful, fishboy assistant, Reidle – are eager to get Daddy’s Little Girls processed and on their way into debriefment. You’re given insight into some of the other ridiculous team names that scouts have come up with, including: Silver Spawn, Peanutbutter Anonymous, and We Love Dogs. Before you leave, Reidle distributes letters and packages that you’d received while you were away.

Some of your correspondence comes off fairly casual – vague, even, or entirely too late. Others speak to life’s happenings while you were servicing your duties at the Woodland Corps. One letter even tried to mend a broken family while the next made no attempt to be one. For better or worse the party came out of this exchange with a more intimate understanding of one another.

You think it wise to drop off your animal companions before heading into the Debriefment council. At the stables you run into Kid & Kid, each of them taking the other on a walk to escape the fresh hell that had been opened up inside the enclosure. Ranger McHannah gives Sally and Daddy quick checks-ups and is as disturbed as most of you that Sally can speak common  – and that she is seemingly learning more names than just her own. Daddy, on the other hand, seems he will need some time to recuperate while spending time with his son.

As ‘fresh hell’ approaches you, Willow & Vine explain that their sister, Gale, is a Grovemother in training and thus has an aura of fertility magic. Kid explains this has resulted in the unexpected birth of several new critters at the stables including one spider-goat and two very large Drakenhounds – all of which are the first of their kind. It takes some convincing, but with their high tolerance of heat it is hard for Veera to look anywhere else for a suitable mount. She is able to get podrick to go in on helping raise and care for the other hound.
