---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #33 - Friends in the Frostmount"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our last session takes us to lands well beyond where we started but not all that much closer to Waterdeep. Following your swampy encounter, the party settles down and gives their coughing DM the sweet sustenance he so desperately craves – talking amongst yourselves. If your DM were an incubus that fed on character development, this session would be the only meal he would need for a long, long time – not unlike crocodiles, alligators, and various snakes such as boa constrictors and anaconda. You discuss fight dynamics, strategy, and Veera’s predisposition for running right into danger.

Huckleberry reminds you all of his shared past with Doth Talbot as one of his final experiments – a quality that many of Daddy’s Little Girls seem to have in common. There are three others like Huckleberry that he would very much like to find either to rescue or for some semblance of closure. This leads to Maria opening up about how their body seems to be of Doth Talbot’s own design, a specific type of Soul Engine unique to the aristocratic class of Waterdeep. Your team’s artificer finally reveals what lies beneath their brassy exterior – a strange, hobbling together of statue, stone, and a rich, gem-filled center that has within it someone or something.

Yuka relents to outside pressures to feed Kiko the berry that Tonrar had given him. And so, you venture into the Frostmount – a frigid demi-plane that plays host to countless, partying critters as well as the ephemeral might of the Northern Wildfire. After a jazzy dance party with the good owlboy, Marcus, you congo your way to Tonrar who seems to have been waiting for you. He reveals to Yuka the nature of his position and what it truly means to be an archdruid, information that – unbeknownst to Yuka – would come in handy very soon. The kiko we know reunites with their more complete self – the enormous and majestic embodiment of the northern wildfire. After the passing of a centuries old torch the party keeps Tonrar company for one last night under the stars.

While sleeping, Kaladin reaches out to Eldath to see if there are answers to be gleaned from the only godly entity he knows. After a little teasing about his recent date with Gale, our young druid asks the goddess of green what she thinks the ichor could be, but this, however, leads to a question of her own. The two of you discuss the nature of gods, and more specifically the roles of deities and divinity in the architecture of your world. Eldath speaks to a moment of deific oversight in the distant past and how that, along with the revelation of another type of god, may have more to do with your original question than either of you realize.

Following this, the party asks Veera why it is she never speaks with her patron – and after you all step back into the material plane Maria is able to pressure Veera into an impulsive, impromptu reunion with a certain someone.
