---
layout: post
title: "Session #30 - Trinkets and Bobbles"
categories: session-recaps
---
We begin our last session on the curtails of Kaladin and Gale’s forest date. Your new, dryad friend had gone through the trouble of making you a delicious stew, but, since you no longer have a stomach you instead take turns sniffing it and lamenting on how good it probably would have been. You talk about your life before the Academy along with who and what brought you there. We, the audience, become privy to some of Kaladin’s inner most thoughts on the rest of Team 287.

After exchanging promises to eventually meet at that spot again, the party reconvenes at the house to talk next steps on preparing for Waterdeep. It is agreed that fancy clothes will be a must, but just how fancy are we talking here? Would a pair of pants that aren’t stained suffice or is an entirely new, custom-made suit the way to go? For now you settle on regular ole street drip and hold off on discussing it any further until you get to Regi’s store.

At the Magical Emporium we rejoin the vivacious, English halfling while the party toils through his new inventory. The first of your many purchases begins with Sulu and the Pomade of Ten Thousand Styles – which allows him to mold his hair to look like Yuka’s poofy mane – but on a fish man! But careful, Mr. Vapen, if you do that for a week it’ll stay like that! Veera teams up with Kiwi to try and alter the value of Lorenzo’s Lively Locket. Kiwi blows a zeppelin’s worth of hot air up Regi’s ass while Veera does her best to find something wrong with it in the back, by magical means or otherwise. You double back when your spell falls short of Regi’s keen and discerning eye, but the result is the same. In the end, Kiwi is able to strike a deal and trade in an unused ring and some extra skrilla to get his hands on the locket. Also, Sulu returns to the shop and knifes up in secret.

Looking to top yourselves off on taking care of business you delve into The Crag, some of you for the first time, to follow Maria into the Everforge. Here, Maria scares off some elderly blacksmiths with their pocket lion and goes on to make a custom set of armor for it. Also, Sulu’s gauntlets are remolded into bangles that do well to free up Sulu’s webbed fingies.
