---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #26 - Branches and Roots"
categories: session-recaps
---

The party begins making their way to the Debriefment Council. On your way, you bump into a triage of orcs, Team 283 in fact, who just so happen to be on their way to track down the mysterious shipment of dogs that had just wandered into base.

You once again find yourselves amongst the towering A-Frame houses that keep the Woodland Corps. running. As you enter the Debriefment council chambers, you’re stopped by the lizardfolk scribe, Sarah, who updates Yuka on what had once been a long forgotten ambition to claim The Burrow’s water wheel as his own. Though he is offered a suitable compromise our wildfire druid relapses and returns to his old, fanatic ways.

The council meeting begins quite suddenly and your team begins painting a rich tapestry of events that took place in the verdant jungles of Cretia. The moats, the beasts, the ichor – and the man behind it all. Upon hearing Doth Talbot’s name, Thealzia immediately locks down the building to people with ‘exclusionary clearance’  – which now includes your party.

Due to this unfortunate discovery you’re sent up to deliver the news to Commander Volarius himself – and you’re taken there by Headmaster turned Councilor Beelzebrandy. Kaladin takes this chance to ask his old mentor about love, and while he is taken aback by your question you’re able to get the elderly tiefling tell you about a relationship he once had with his old teammate, Samuel Silva.

Finally, after a year and some change of real world gameplay the party meets their unseen leader. Arcan Volarius, Archdruid of the Forests and Commander of the Woodland Corps. The news of Doth Talbot’s return brings the silvered druid great distress, and this prompts him to tell you the story of how the man you’d encountered below Cretia had reshaped much of how the Woodland Corps. looks today.

You’re then taken deep below the base to meet the second, secret commander of the Woodland Corps – Vespa Voralius, leader of the Grimguard. She fills you in on her experience with the ichor and what befell her after killing the man once known as Pradoth Vos’Talbot. Without the aid of an up and coming beholder going by ‘8-ball’ she may have never made it to High Forest in time to be saved.
