---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #18 - A Breakthrough"
categories: session-recaps
---

As the party bathes in the afterglow of Logjammer’s uproarious party – you and the rest of Cretia are interrupted by a mighty explosion and a different roar just outside the tavern’s doors. In this same moment, Kaladin and Maria emerge from their secretive search of the tunnels beneath Logjammers, and are immediately confronted by Titus (and Beefcake), the former of whom accuse you of being Dwarven spies. But, he is spared no time to grill you as the emerging conflict enraptures this group as well.

Your party busts through the doors and lays eyes on what is certain to be the most egregious of the attacks on Cretia thus far: a titanic fight between a Dregnaught Beetle and a Ruby Rex – their eyes masked in the violet haze you have become all-too-familiar with in recent days.

Assessing the situation, half of your party determines the rescue and aid of the nearby casualties to be your top priority while the other half focuses on the repulsion of this colossal assault.

In an attempt to maintain brevity, here is a list of what transpired:

- Maria, despite being a little sneaky no-good, is tapped to helm Titus’ top secret battle project, Baba Gearaga.
- Kiwi, Veera, and Po arrive at a collapsed house and retrieve a distraught child – and discover others have been pinned below.
- Sulu asks Sally to take Yuka up to the front lines, and she responds, much to the party’s very vocal dismay.
- Sulu transforms into water and travels through Baba Gearaga’s hydraulics to swiftly get inside.
- Kaladin tries to activate his foliant wings but becomes covered in leaves instead. He uses this strange, new power to travel through trees that had been recently reinvigorated by Yuka’s plant growth spell.

And as your collective efforts come together to push the log off of those trapped beneath, you discover that, unfortunately, there is no one left to save. In his anger and disappointment, Yuka unleashes a fiery blast that sends the giant wolf crashing into the battling beasts beyond.

But before they can get up, an even larger monstrosity covered in black ichor emerges from the jungle, crushes the Dregnaught and the Ruby Rex, and drags their limp remains deep beyond the trees. The Wolf then deconstructs itself and scatters into the trees with a fleet of footsteps.
