---
layout: post
title: "Session #35 - My Son, the Monster"
categories: session-recaps
---
Our last session begins with an odd discussion about what animals the party would have Gale splice together – as though she were some sort of bakery of monstrosities. You have some parting theories given to you by Thibault on the nature of Kaladin’s current condition – but your bellies start a rumblin’ and you remember you were promised dinner by Kaladin’s Mom. And so the party returns to the quiet streets of Rosemere with nothing but the light tapping of rain and a soft, bellowing storm that was just beginning to brew. 

But the party finds that an ominous mood has taken over the town – a darkness halted only by the encroaching glow of a dozen or more torches. Your party stalks the mob quietly, trying to discern why or what for they have come together – employing all manner of stealth to get closer. Po front flips onto a house and puts his whole leg through its roof, but is able to avoid detection by having such an absurd hiding spot. You all hear as Bjorn Stormblessed regails the citizens of Rosemere about how your group outnumbered and terrorized the poor man, and how he now ‘knows’ Kaladin was sent here by the gods to punish his faithlessness. 

When Po deftly catches a flying pitchfork, Daddy’s Little Grrr’s Grrr at this daddy and little by little widdle away at the mob with magical clouds and small, economy-collapsing bribes. All of this to allow your cat man, enhanced with extra, cat essence, to sneak into the Stormblessed household and extract Kaladin’s mom. Kiwi makes quick work of Bjorn’s treasured, mahogany couch and slips out the back with Cilian, all while Bjorn watches his angry mob fizzle into just 3 angry peasants. ..who get bored and walk past Veera who noisily finishes an entire rotisserie chicken – in the middle of a session?? 

With mom in the bag, you all camp for the night and awake to delve cautiously into the Bronzescale Bluffs – a thunderous canyon that has earned it’s reputation as the quickest yet deadliest passage to Waterdeep. Your first bit of danger comes to you in a chance encounter with a weathered traveler who claims to hear Kiwi’s sword calling out to them. This very quickly leads us to a canyonside duel, the stuff of the legends, and a life-or-death fight between Kiwi and this stranger. It is, perhaps, too close for anyone’s liking, but in the end Kiwi lands the decisive strike, and, for the first time, turns his defeated opponent into particles of light and absorbs them into his sword – as you do. 

Kiwi rifles through the stranger’s loot and pays out the party’s bets with the money he finds. He also pulls out some odd robes etched with glowing, geometric lines and just throws them on. Maria determines these robes are imbued with 1 charge of the ‘Knock’ spell, admission magic to grant you entry… somewhere. Veera stares intently at the symbol on the robes and the sword she swiped – and realizes that this stranger must have belonged to the EoV, or the ‘Edge of the Void’, a shadowy organization based out of Waterdeep. 
