---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #36 - The Three Sisters"
categories: session-recaps
---

With a very insistent ‘shoo shoo’ from the DM, the party stumbles their way into the welcoming maw of the Bronzescale bluffs where all manner of beast and hazard reside. But, before completely committing to this endeavor, and despite being quite thoroughly wounded, your party’s resident violence expert, Kiwi, does an excellent job of splitting up the party and capitalizing on everyone’s strengths and shortcomings – a true battle master. Maria kindly offers a ride on the back of their lightning lion to Kaladin’s mom – maybe not out of a fondness for Cillian but perhaps because Kaladin would probably be a little bummed if his mom were crushed by a boulder

The bluffs are quick to begin the blood letting, as Po falls through a wooden dam and immediately gets burned by a superheated runic geyser. Half of the team almost succumbs to the swampy pit of a peat bog where Veera most certainly would have died were it not for Giga Po’s maiden voyage, plucking her out of the mud like a steamy, demonic crawdad. Meanwhile, Yuka and Maria skip across the pit like a couple of emaciated bull frogs, finally making it to the other side while re-traumatizing Veera with one last entree of mud.

But none are made quite as much a victim as Huckleberry, who gets pulled into a spider’s den, caught in a cryoclastic flow, and then topped off with a very unforgiving bolt of lightning. Your abominable barbarian is very thankful to receive a few, merciful spells to help stave off death or even just some of his frozen, charred skin from cracking away. Mini Cooper also makes a heroic effort to throw Cillian aside and take a lightning bolt head on, which the party learns is much more of a meal for him than a threat.

And with that the party rests in a field of Lunar Wisteria on a mountain laden with memories of Veera’s younger days, and after recreating her father’s delicious, relaxing tea the party rolls over and takes a much needed rest. The next morning finally takes you to the gates of Baitakparvat – the mountainside township nearest Veera’s home. Here, Yuka immediately stirs up a sheepy storm front as the local herd finds him to be the most interesting man in the world – much to everyone’s confusion. Your pondering is interrupted by a portly aarokokra mailman, jason Seagull, who is about to start his route, but against his better judgment cannot help but partake in a little town gossip with the party – a decision he immediately comes to regret.

Deciding to wait no longer, Veera tells the party it’s time to go and face her destiny – whatever that ends up being. As you approach the homestead, however, the team is surprised to learn there may be more to this unraveling story than any of you could have assumed..
