---
layout: post
title: "Session #23 - A Fond Farewell"
categories: session-recaps
---
After locating the source of the moat insurrection, the party sets up camp and hatches a plan to chase them back into the Feywilds. With the sun setting, our two druids and their chosen travel buddies head off in opposite directions while the rest of the crew guards the still sleeping ent.

Yuka and Po head west and corner a large swath of these felonius fruit lovers – implementing an effective Good cop Hungry cop strategy that proves effective. Meanwhile, Kaladin and Kiwi head east and set up a fruit buffet for all the good, little moats who play along with their plan. Also, Kiwi’s sword tries to call him but he puts it through to voicemail.

Back at camp, Veera and Sulu funnel the returning moats back into the ent with a mixture of flaming rodio tricks and real magic, too. Maria fends off no less than 3 assassination attempts from these very dumb monkeys and draws closer and closer to awakening the ent prematurely.

While the party takes a short rest, Kiwi decides the best way to get his sword to stop acting up is to slap it against a tree – and boy does he, with godly precision the tree is relieved of its life and falls to the ground. However, after being beckoned once more Kiwi looks into his sword’s gem and is taken under its thrall.

In an astral setting of stars and gaseous debris does our tabaxi fighter stand face to face with a large figure made of arms. This entity calling itself ‘Blade’ reveals that it is a legendary sword that had been hiding in plain sight as the Dream Saber. It is the accumulative power of all those that wielded it before, and its most recent master has invited Kiwi to join in this millenia long enclave of swordsman. Kiwi shakes hands with this confident and mysterious wood elf and agrees to see what he can make of its power. 

Outside, Maria says ‘fuck this’ and does a jig in the ent’s ear – waking it up and closing its head portal. The oaken figure introduces himself as the sleepy ent Pallalee and is very thankful that you all cleaned up his mess for him. As repayment, he offers to ferry you back to the Woodland Corps HQ once he is able to remove his titanic body from the earth.

Team 287 frees Chester, says goodbye to the Order of the Claw, adios to the Logjammer’s crew, and a dubious farewell to the eternally sour Persnifitus Kline. You return to Pallallee and ride his big ass hands into the uppermost layer of the jungle’s canopy – bidding a heartfelt goodbye to all the people you have undoubtedly saved.   
