---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #24 - Puzzle Box 2: Eccentric Bugaloo"
categories: session-recaps
---

We kicked off our last session with an impromptu midair dog retrieval after Po accidentally knocks off 1 of the 15 dogs that you brought back with you. What could have be a very harrowing ordeal was made menial by Yuka’s cool-headedness and magical hang glider.

The rest of the day’s travel is spent psyching one another out as you decide who gets to tell the leader of the Woodland Corps that Doth Talbot sends his ominous regards. When that comes to a close, Willow & Vine felt it was time to catch Kaladin up to speed on the intricacies of being a dryad. Some of the changes felt fairly minor – beneficial even. Why wouldn’t the druid want leafy hair, barkskin, or getting to eat sunlight all day? Other things, like losing his ability to eat actual food, eventually becoming a tree, and then also maybe waking up inside a tree that his mortal soul will be forever tied to seemed to get to him a little

To pass the remainder of your travel time, Team 287 decides to take on the next Puzzle Box – and is surprised to find small, wooden incarnations of yourselves as you pull out small pawns from its sides. Yuka is the last to enter as he asks Willow & Vine to describe how cool his piece looks when he gets back out.

Inside you’re thrown into a high stakes game of Dragonchess that pitted you against an array of heavy-hitting, game piece constructs. Po and Sulu are pushed to their limits as they try and stay conscious under a hefty barrage while Yuka works overtime to ensure everyone is spared what you put him through last time.

As the enemy king is finally slayed, your hosts make a grand entrance. A flapper-esque, tentacled beauty, Sarah Morphis, sits on one of the many bejeweled eyestocks of a beholder calling himself ‘Don Forccuna’, or Don as his fiance calls him. Don reveals that the puzzle boxes are of their design, a way to entertain his entourage while also trimming the fat off his massive horde. Taking a liking to the group, the pair air eager to have you attend their wedding in Waterdeep at the end of the month.

While Daddy’s Little Girls make their final prize selections, Sarah grabs Don’s face and appears to place him under a momentary spell. After aggressively insisting that Don show a little more generosity to the party, he snaps back and gleefully offers up another of his magic items for you to enjoy. Some of you are freaked out, while others think of how sick those party favors are gonna be when you make it to the wedding.
