---
layout: post
title: "Session #32 - Feathered Frenzy"
categories: session-recaps
---
After what was only a week (but felt like months) – the party finally sets out to take care of the long list of business they have waiting for them in Waterdeep. As you depart The Burrow you run into the more traditionally sized scouting team of Willow & Vine, Podrick, and his Drakenhound, Stasia. They speak with you about their return to Cretia so they may lead the aid and research efforts into what you all had found there. Podrick is eager to learn about how to be a captain but also finds his uncoupling from you to be bittersweet – vowing to see you all again very soon.

You head to the bases’ check out counter and are once again greeted by Charscody and Reidle. The put-together halfling makes sure you’re ready for your departure and saddles you up with some greater healing potions and brand new sending scroll. They also hand you a Beacon Beetle to ensure Sulu will be able to locate you once he finishes up his business with Howie Sturgel and the other Sea Sages. 

Eager to get away from the highly controversial and semi-aquatic mailboy, Team 287 puts boot to trail as you set off for the sword coast – but more immediately the first of your two checkpoints - Rosemere – so that Kaladin can confront his family and reconnect with his benevolent mentor, Thibault. 

But before then you find yourselves in the aftermath of a swampy showdown that leaves one fisherman on death’s door. Veera quickly rushes in despite warnings from disembodied voices and the rest of her team, beginning an explosive encounter with a variety of avian assailants. But, with Maria’s help discerning the direction of the voices, you’re all able to work together and bring an end to the Harpy Twins’ treetop grift.
