---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #21 - T-Wrecked"
categories: session-recaps
---

We jumped into our last session just as Kaladin had miraculously managed to escape Dominus’ jaws. In doing so, he stripped the monstrosity of its necrotic exterior and exposed the saber tooth tiger lying at its core. As he and Po drop into the pond-sized ichor puddle, Yuka and Kaladin move to try and separate the amethyst from out of its forehead.

As our two druids make contact with the purple gem, their minds are overwhelmed with a maddening torrent of psychic energy. In this mindspace they feel the presence of another that is vying for dominance, both sides try to reach in and learn what they can about the other. But, before that final push could be made Maria decides to put an abrupt end to this mental duel. A particularly potent shatter spell detonates the gem, fragging Kaladin, Yuka, Po, and the tiger with amethyst shards and thunderous energy.

But, with moose-medic Yuka on the scene no one actually dies. The face in the ichor emerges one, last time to ask Kaladin a question: why is he the only mortal to have survived being Enblightened? Our young druid is unable to say, and so the face makes one, final warning to the people of Cretia: Deliver Kaladin to him by the following day or Cretia will fall into the earth.

Wasting no time at all the party starts grilling Serpica with such questions like who, why, when, and how? Serpica details a chance encounter with a dark stranger going under the alias of ‘John’. An agreement to help collect the moats is turned on its head as Serpica becomes an unwilling member in John’s schemes to create the Enblightened Beasts. The old lizardfolk is ready to go to jail but the party opts to deal with that later while they rest up for their final confrontation.

Veera and Sulu take Serpica to retrieve her notes from the Juice Hut and narrowly evade the grasp of whatever was lurking in the shadows. The elderly lizardfolk gives Team 287 a copy of the geographical records she had also given John – giving the party a medley of options for trying to track him down. But, to no one’s surprise, they choose the mineshaft under the building they’re currently standing in.
