---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #22 - Monkey Madness"
categories: session-recaps
---

As Doth Talbot’s Doth Crater cracks and smolders, the party dusts themselves off and set out to find the dogs that were mentioned in Serpica’s notes. As the party investigates the chambers inside the Amethyst lair – a dark shadow emerges from one of the openings. It is our beloved owlbear boy, Po, with roughly 15 or so dogs packed tightly beneath each of his arms – and perhaps more, elsewhere.

With huge chunks of crystal threatening to turn Daddy’s Little Girls into Daddy’s Little Paninis, the team scampers out of the cavern and back into the tunnel. Here, Yuka directs attention at those who seem to have a lot that they’re not saying – and while transparency is agreed upon we have yet to see if it will become a staple in the group’s ever changing dynamic.

You emerge inside Logjammer’s and the party heads over to Serpica’s defunct juice hut to investigate the basement once more. However, there is not much to find save for a peculiar scar in one of the oaken roots growing below.

Fast tracking back to Logjammer's, the party is able to get Serpica to spill on her amateur attempts to solve the moat crisis and also, Veera, her highly caloric, deep fried meal. Yuka has to, or, chooses to, get a little slappy with Lance to discover his and Chester’s role in this enterprise – and this leads us back to Fortressa. You’re able to bust Chester out by namedropping the Woodland Corps and threatening to make an unambitious guard do actual work.

With a speedo-clad Lance and a chained up Chester you head deeper into the Doanian Jungle than any Cretian has dared to before. It’s dangers become immediately apparent to you when a stampede of Taurus Beetles barrels through your enclave – very nearly turning Sulu into fish paste.

As the Moats flee in the face of your determination, you follow them back to a central, radiant point among the trees. Veera bravely steps forth to investigate, but a ring of Moats begin a nefarious dance to send her to lands beyond.
