---
layout: post
title: "Session #21.5 - Doth Talbot"
categories: session-recaps
---
Standing before the long, dark road ahead the party partitions themselves into cart-sized chunks and set off down the tunnel beneath Logjammers. Along the way, your metal chariots are bombarded with an onslaught of enblightened wolves that throw themselves at you and explode – a very DnD sentence. 

You spot a stone wall that brings your railway to an abrupt end, and so Veera opts to try and tear it down so that you may pass through. As her eldritch blast makes contact, you all see this wall for what it really is: a lie! One by one you pass through and are cast off of the broken track into the sharp, bejeweled cavern before you. 

With the understanding that your arrival was at least somewhat expected – even before your thunderous landing – Daddy’s Little Girls walk confidently into the crystal opening and confront their psychotic, psychokinetic nemesis. The floating, four-armed entity welcomes you into his lair – though the party, surprisingly, is not all that interested in talking shop before you proceed to the beat down. He is, however, able to reveal that his desire is to unlock the fullest potential of the black ichor and that Kaladin would be the key to unlocking this secret that has been alluding him for years.

Your fight commences with Kiwi very quickly ascertaining that the four, amethyst orbs that are floating along the walls were being controlled by Talbot. Many of you get crushed by falling chunks of crystal, others sent swimming in the lake of ichor – and others getting mad crit on. 

After Kaladin wildshapes into a bear with bear arms (oh, the horror) he goes in for the kill. Talbot takes the opportunity to peer inside the young druid and find what is it that allows him to wield the ichor in ways he cannot. And there it is, the answer he’s been looking for all this time – divine power. As he begins to understand what this sensation feels like, Talbot takes notice of another in this cavern that shares this affinity – Veera. 

Wasting no time, the curious menace coats Veera in a thick layer of this necrotic ooze, catalyzing an infernal transformation that left her with a terrifying and blazing visage of heat and rage. 

However, the party does eventually bring Talbot to his knee’s and Yuka strikes the final blow against him. With his ichor exterior slipping away, a stone skeleton with an ominous mask is all that remains. His parting words to the party were to tell the Volarius Family that he is back – followed by an immediate explosion. Fortunately, Yuka was able to teleport some of you away to avoid the blast. 
