---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #37 - A Thousand Years of Trying"
categories: session-recaps
---

We jump back to the waist-high surprise calling himself Damian. He has pink hair and ruby-colored eyes, but just what else does he have in common with his older sister? The party sees the fruitlessness and cruelty in interrogating a child and instead delves into the sprawling D'aanit homestead to find Veera’s father.

Along the way, Yuka once again finds himself to be incredibly attractive (to animals, that is) and notices he has a growing whirlwind of skittering rodents at his feet. Not wanting to set famine upon Haraaparvat’s crops, Yuka takes his furry enclave around the back and asks them to explain this madness. They reveal themselves to be wheek-wheeks, and admit they are quite enamored with your chill aura and good vibes – there is just something about you that they find irresistible. They offer you leadership over their people, and despite Yuka’s insistence on not being interested these little rodents will not let it pass – and so you ‘agree’ to meet up with them later to discuss the matter further.

Veera has Damian show the party around the homestead, stopping briefly in your mother’s hunting hut only to discover your little brother’s gross misconception of how hunting actually works. Po does his best to explain it to him to no avail. You’re taken to Veera’s father, Grensourc, who is incredibly happy to see his daughter, but is quick to sense her feelings about, well, everything. Veera relays that hugs are off the table until she gets an explanation for what they’ve done to her. Veera’s mother, Bippa, receives the same treatment and realizes she’s not nearly as prepared for this day as she thought she was.

And so, Damian gathers Grampa Harry and Gramma Z, who were resting as your scarecrow and fireplace respectively, and reveal themselves to be Haruman and Zariel – Veera’s infernal patrons who apparently spend their free time raising your little brother and protecting your family’s home. Damian reads everyone a story of Zariel’s attempt to end the eons long Blood War and how thousands of soldiers became trapped in the Nine Hells, forever changed. We learn of Veera’s first life as a man named Versces and his innumerable rebirths and subsequent failures to come to terms with what he was. By the end of the story, Veera has a better grasp of her situation and sees that it is up to her to accept herself and one day rejoin her comrades who await her final return.

Bippa tells you to bring the rest of your friends inside for dinner. Huckleberry sits down and reads Damian’s book while Cillian sheepishly wanders inside – only to find her host is none other than her long thought to be dead, older sister, Bippa. The two exchange harsh words to try and make sense of the 30 years they spent apart from each other – meanwhile your two, previously human party members look at eachother no longer just as teammates, but now also as.. Cousins.

We go back outside where the sound of a felled tree herald’s the approach of this evening’s final event. Yuka understands that, like a hastily thrown boomerang, his problem has somehow returned, and so he and Kiwi go outside to take care of it once and for all. A towering, 30 ft tall wheek-wheek, Capiculus, Rodentia Prime of the Parvatian wheek-wheeks, comes to you with his legion of semi-devout followers and asks that you release them from your thrall. Yuka tells him that he don’t know how to do that and so Capiculus instead offers him command of his people in exchange for a few berries and one nice acorn. Yuka tells him he’ll come back in 1 year to discuss it again, but until then he and his people need to kindly fuck off.
