---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Sessions #27 & #28 - Birds of a Feather"
categories: session-recaps
---

The session begins with the fabled but rarely seen 4-way party split. Following your meeting with Arcan & Vespa you are eager to make use of your waning daylight. Willow & Vine return to their ebwin, or birth tree, for some long awaited rest while Podrick takes off to contemplate the ways of pet ownership.

The first of our 4 pairs, Maria and Yuka, take their fat stacks (and I mean money, not butts) over to the stables – where Maria able to finally reunite with boomcat. Yuka serves as a hesitant but reliable translator between the newfound friends and does his best to get them on the same page. Maria was pleased to learn that Boomcat can reside within metal objects – making him the most portable of the party’s animal companions.

The second pair, Kaladin and Sulu, wander off into the marshy groves to the east of the base’s outer wilds. Our young druid wanted to see Willow & Vine’s birth tree while also looking for a good spot to plant his – an odd sentence to be sure. Along the way, the two, thriving bachelors discuss the meaning of love and all of the unspoken complexities that go into the perfect date. They cross paths with an ominous and well-dressed aviant who said he was looking for a faefolk named Po, and without missing a beat told this absolute stranger everything he could possibly want to know.

Our third pair, Veera and Kiwi, head off to the upper trade ward to offload some extra items that were weighing them down. There they run into a frantic Fredrik Voscone who was trying to avoid the eager crowd nerding out over his newest product. While the meatless blacksmith gives Veera some tips on draconic companionship – Kiwi haggles to get his hands on a magical sheath for his equally magical sword.

Our fourth and final pair, Po and Podrick (for some reason) head back to to Mr. Silva’s puppy shack to recount their long adventures to him and Debbie, the concussed weiner dog. It is here that Po, in all his pure naivete begins drilling his father about his old flame – Gregory Beelzebrandy – while doing the most passive aggressive cooking I have ever seen. Why didn’t he tell you about this? Why aren’t they together anymore if they loved eachother? Is Beelzebrandy your real mom? These questions, and more, punctuated an awkward dinner that Podrick, once again, was privy to for some reason.

A rasping at the door halts the topic – and shifts it in an oddly parallel direction. An owlin druid calling himself Sir Hawkley Danjeer appears before Po – an odd figure of similar stature, who says that he recently came to learn that he had a son, this son was stolen from him, and that this son was Po. And if that wasn’t already a lot to take in, Hawkley then reveals that in his youth he contracted werebear lycanthropy and Po, without a doubt, had been born with it, too. Our owlbear monk is handed a silver amulet with an owl’s visage – which promises to reveal your true nature should you wear it while sleeping under the moon.

—-------

In an extra session that took place this weekend – Yuka, Veera, and Maria headed down into The Crag to split an entire session between doing research and eating at a TGIF (Thank Gods It’s Faeday). I have nothing more to say about that session.
