---
layout: post
title: "Session #38 - Whisked Away to Waterdeep"
categories: session-recaps
---
In our last session, Bippa & Grensourc settle on letting Kaladin’s burned-out mother stay with her estranged family while the rest of you move on to Waterdeep. Zariel warns Veera to be wary of her angelic siblings, her eldest brother Helm, most notably, who would very much disagree with Veera’s continued existence on the Material Plane. And finally, Kaladin sends a cute letter to his Galefriend back at base. 

Daddy’s Little girls finally make it to Waterdeep and lay their eyes on the Violet Wastes for the first time. Maria’s beacon beetle tells you that a certain aquatic sorcerer must be nearby, and so you head to the docks to try and find him. Veera and Maria notice another soul engine riding a strange, steam-powered contraption and initiate a drag-race, which the guards immediately take notice of. But before anyone gets found by the fuzz, you happen upon just the right slice of pier to watch the Archdruid of the Coasts, Howie Sturgel, give Sulu and Sally a fond farewell. 

Sulu T-poses aggressively at the party and rejoins the group with great enthusiasm. Meanwhile, some of you take interest in the towering statue being constructed just to your left. The plaque tells the story of Suri, a noble, goliath warrior who helped stop the entropic cataclysm and went on to abolish the fighting pits in Waterdeep. As you talk with one of the workers, she mentions the king has wanted finish it rather quickly  – a recent tremor not making things any easier. And, speak of the devil, another tremor happens right as she says that, prompting the party to begin a sky-high rescue mission of the workers above and the sinking passengers below. 

Your party pulls out all the stops and Kiwi, Veera, and Kaladin use their incredible speed and agility to reach the top while Sulu, Maria, and Yuka use their items and abilities to save the people in the water. Po, on the other hand, uses his broach to become 32 feet tall, scooping up sea water and climbing up the side to extinguish the flames – though some destruction is left in his wake. It is a masterfully executed rescue, aside from being big enough for the whole port to see you and accidentally dropping one of the workers and letting them go splat. 

The distinguished beastpeople from the boat mentioned how upset a certain someone would be if they lost their shipments and, with a curt goodbye, they fled into the streets to avoid the attention to come.
