---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #17 - Madam Hatchet's Logjammers"
categories: session-recaps
---

The party finally encounters the long-rumored Madam Hatchet and her inner circle consisting of Lance, Titus, and Beefcake. Veera presses Bourbon for details on these plaid-clad strangers and finds that Titus is head of maintenance and security, Lance was born at the Woodland Corps, and Beefcake is a real big boy. In Madam Hatchet’s opening speech, she reveals the sponsors of the day’s event to be none other than Ellen & Mary who have provided all of the rewards that you would be vying for in today’s games.

The party splits, as they are ones to do, and divide themselves into Maria & Kaladin (the sleuthing duo) and then the rest of the party, serving as a worthwhile distraction while their other two members search for the deeper machinations of what might be at play. The first of Madam Hatchet’s three tavern trials, Log Rolling, pits the party against their first challenger – Lance – and begin their long, and wet crusade to put this douche canoe in the water – where all canoes, regardless of their purpose, belong.

The second challenge brings a trial of strength. Equipped with magically-imbued axes you all take on Beefcake to see who has the grit to split the strongest woods in Faerune. In the third challenge – a metallic rodeo as Titus makes you tango with his shape-shifting, steel defender which very few of you were able to conquer.

Before the final challenge, the entire party goes all in an purchasing Logjammer’s uniforms for themselves – as this ensuing mud run would, without a doubt, get messy – and boy, did it! In the end, Po placed third with 50gp, Lance came in second and earned a Glaive +1, and Yuka in first – who unsuccessfully tried to hide the fact that he now had another puzzle box in his possession.
