---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #39 - The Dashing Daydream"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, the party sees the coppers comin and scatters like zazzed up roaches to keep the heat off. Some of you duck into the crowd – play it cool – others try and hide despite being bright pink, a moose man, and an owlbear everyone wants a piece of. But, with a little help from your magically-inclined members, the fuzz has a hard time keeping their mitts on ya, especially when their mark turns into one of them sky rats.

As your time in the limelight comes to an end, you trickle in to the spacious and opulent entrance of Waterdeep which sports its own depiction of the Three Sisters – and a secret fourth sister for those of you with more discerning eyes. For once, Maria’s insistence on legging it is probably the right call, though the added hustle does make our aquatic friend have to pop a squat in the middle of the terminal (not talking about sulu). But none to worry, a water genasi named Ole C and his water bucket come to your aid and undo your messy butt crimes, you filthy animal.

Veera and Sulu get a little shake down on their way up into the concourse, but that’s not what’s most pressin’ – Yuka has a tickin’ timebomb in his antlers, one that would go from small and feathered to big and feathered very soon. But that doesn’t stop one Jillane Frumpuse from giving your group a once over, dollin’ out insults and kind appraisals in equal measure. Veera uses this elf woman’s name to commit identity fraud and, with that, you all grab your tickets and hop on the Skyrail.

Here we discuss such quandaries as Veera’s unknown enemies, Sulu’s antics abroad, and who in the nine hells Maria even is. Veera pulls out an interview she found about the late Pradoth Vos’Talbot which provides some helpful information to the rest of Team 287. You hop off the Dashing Daydream and step into Mount Waterdeep for the first time, running right back into a group of gentlemanly beastmen you helped save from a sinking ship. They reveal themselves to be members of the Lycan Blokes, and invite Po along for any additional work he may be interested in.
