---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #34 - Kaladin: Homecoming"
categories: session-recaps
---

We begin our last session in the fiery pits of Avernus where Veera has just reached out to the very being that has turned her into what she is now, or, so she thinks. She comes face-to-face with Zariel and a more distant Haruman who express surprise in seeing the young soldier after so many months of being ignored. Much to Veera’s surprise, however, she is met with what could be interpreted as concern, as this angelic devil pleads with her to stop resisting her infernal heritage lest she burn up and die.

You talk of Talbot who she knows nothing of, but also of the research you’ve done into those that may have preceded you – those like Asperia Everscale, known to the people of her time as Dico. Zariel appears impressed, not only that you seemingly possess the potential that Asperia once did, but also that you’ve taken initiative in trying to learn more about yourself. The meeting is cut short, however, and you are reminded that it is Zariel that knows why you are stuck with one another, while you, Veera, only think you do.

Veera returns to the party in her narzugon form, and appears jubilant to her teammates – and colleague – for she finally has some answers, maybe. You continue onwards towards Rosemere, finally getting out of the forests and back onto the main road. And it is here that you are approached by a sweet, elf child who would very much like to take a picture of Po. Her name is Ophelia, and together with her parrot, banana, is on an adventure abroad to practice using her grandma’s portraiter and honing the journalistic prowess of her family’s namesake. Some of you quickly surmise that her grandma could be none other than Hersethena Prix, the same journalist who had the one and only interview with Pradoth Vos’Talbot while he was still alive. Ophelia takes a picture of your group and then passes along a photo of her very stylish grandma for you to use as an introduction, should you want to.

You arrive at Rosemere and have a quick chat with the town’s guard, Darius Whitstone, and a more contentious interaction with his son Arthorius. As you make your way into town, Kaladin cannot bring himself to ignore his parents despite their complicated relationship. You walk into the Blushing Mole and find Kaladin’s mom, Cillian Stormblessed, as she is bussing tables and keeping the people of Rosemere fed. Initially, she is surprised you came all this way instead of just mailing the money she asked for, but quickly gives into the joy of seeing her one and only son. It is as she continues handling orders that you hear just how awful the people of this town can be, and choose to remove yourselves before your emotions get the better of you.

Then, on your way to Thibault, you all bump into kaladin’s father, Bjorn, who is watching over the southern gate. Very quickly things escalate as Bjorn feels challenged by your arrival and resorts to his usual ways to inflict his dominance not over his son, but the child he so generously raised. Our young druid feels broken by this dismal homecoming, but is reassured by his friends (and colleague) that he is not alone and translates that confidence into his own show of force – transforming into a half bear, half crocodile and absolutely terrifying his father. Yuka then turns him into a fish.

You then find Thibault, your forest troll mentor and surrogate father who was quite pleased to see you doing well, albeit a tad more leafy than last time. You are given the Grand Wolf’s Hide to help you take better control of your deviant wildshapes, and the reassurance that whatever lies ahead is not beyond is not above what you can handle.
