---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #60 - This, That, and the Other Thing"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our last session begins within the dark confines of Huckleberry’s crowded mind – the shambling mounds that share his body eager to hear of your party’s many exploits.

Yuka takes the reins and heads to the Full Metal Witches to be amongst his people – not minotaur, not druids, but witches. There he receives his much deserved praise and has his roomy shroom bag exchanged for a regular, spore-free bag of holding.

Veera sets off with Dog-cousin Kaladin to top off her alchemy bag, and is unimpressed, among other things, with Fae’s customer service (or the lack thereof). So, the pair set off into the streets of Skullport and wander into a small apothecary. In exchange for making Bostron’s pig a hasty antidiuretic – Veera was able to cinch a good deal on some herbalism kits and make the party some much-needed health potions.

Mari finally succumbs to their shell sickness, and is birthed into a new, revenant-esque body devoid of heat or hunger. They talk of shell sickness with Tech, the Splicer physician, who, admittedly, nerds out a bit more than he’d meant to. The pair of ethereally-touched faefolk admit they like one another, and Mari steals the homebody doctor away for a day on the town.

Po corners the Boondiggle Boys and wants to know who his goddamn mother is. The three gnomes speak of their shared, estranged father who they’d tried to earn the attention of with a decades-long string of crimes and trickster exploits. Since they were always in-and-out of prison, they never took the time to get real clothes, nor did they keep the money – and so, in exchange for some custom-tailored attire, they reveal to Po that his mother was an aarokokran woman named Teggun Tyson. She was last seen in that inn near Phandelver where they and the unborn Po had their destinies forever intertwined.

Kiwi and Kala-dog track down Mateo, the Tiefling art curator your party swindled out of 15,000 gp. He is initially quite offended that a talking dog had arrived to mock him, but while asking him about dragons – he has the realization that perhaps it was actually the Boondiggle Boys that conned him. They were just released, after all. And so, he sends some of his men out into the Stacks to try and track em down.

And finally, Veera pulls out all the stops and kills King Julius so he can evade shell sickness and be born again – now, a minatour – not unlike the two druids that brought him back. A coincidence, but a weird one.
