---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #54 - The Wedding"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our session begins with a warm, bubbly chat between just two gals. Veera catches up with Vespa, talking of weddings, fashion, and all the progress you’ve made on your mission thus far. While you have carved a war path through Waterdeep’s underbelly, The Woodland Corps has just finished sifting through its members, ensuring no agents of Talbot have infiltrated your ranks. Soon, all of your fellow scouts, rangers, and blades will know your enemy as you, some already in route to aid you in your mission. The stern, faceted swordsman, Crystal Maddox, among them.

We return to your pre-wedding shenanigans, where you immediately hatch a scheme to impersonate servers and slip a note to Princess Francesca. In the ensuing madness, Yuka manifests kraken tacos into this world and learns why Plattius is called the Wolf of Waterdeep. Fighting your way through a deluge of bitchy elves, Veera finally breaks her way into the ‘royal suite’ casually slipping her note while several others in the area take note of her trespass.

After 6 months of real world waterdeep time, you finally make it to the wedding – and despite you killing most of the Morphis’, we still managed to find some people to marry. All-in-all, it’s a lovely ceremony that hopefully ushers in a new age of peace for Skullport.

As the reception kicks off, you open your doors to Plattius, Mercuria, and Lady Francesca who have heeded your call. Yuka attempts to make Mercuria some tea but finds the endeavor to be quite difficult, thankfully Veera had some leftover Wisteria leaves from her time back home. Sulu and Francesca’s girlfriend, er, guard, discuss their mutual love for the ‘colorful water’, finding a mutual friend in one W.B. Pebblepot.

Maria reveals the face lying beneath their brassen exterior, stunning the Princess and sending her reeling in a spiral of disbelief. She reveals the key to your soul engine rests beneath a family portrait, which sits in the throne room at the top of Chronus Imperius. Francesca notes not even she is allowed in this room, and schemes to have Yuka ask for her hand marriage to retrieve the key and maybe even free her from her miserable life in Waterdeep.

Meanwhile, Po and Eggsaladin cruise inside the Underking himself, becoming privy to a private discussion between him and the High Crown. Queen Cheandra wines about having her vault cleaned out, but is even more concerned about a set of missing keys. She asks Forccuna if he has any interest in trading her for the Three Gnomes she found in the vault, but having no one to bargain with, he declines. The Queen instead points to a certain, masked stranger seen trouncing around Prima Limara, revealing a great interest in having him captured, if possible.

After some closing bitchery, the elven royals step out of the room and King Julius Altair speaks for the first time since he arrived. He gives an unnerving speech to the citizens of Waterdeep – reminding them of whom they actually serve.

Lastly, Kaladin reaches back out to Goryx and asks just what the Draconic deity would offer in exchange for abandoning Eldath. Goryx would not ask Kaladin to serve him, instead, he would be mentored and treated as an equal in service to the ‘Great Work’. However, if it turns out Kaladin is becoming one of these ‘hungry things’, Primordials, as he says – then the colossal dragon would not hesitate to snuff him out.
