---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #52 - Skullport: Legacies"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, the party confronts Xeno Morphis – or at least, something claiming to be. You briefly debate the ethics of one’s own survival if taking life is the price to be paid. However, Xeno does not give you time to explore the topic further.

Seeing that he had been backed into a corner, Xeno chooses the nuclear option and douses himself in both ichor and irradiance, releasing his illusion and triggering the collapse of the lab. Xeno emerges from his egg as a draconic aberration – a horrible melding of brain and drake that continued to evolve as you fought. Over the course of the fight, many fall and rise again, not even your mounts and companions were spared his murderous rage. While several of you get up close to tango with the ever-evolving Xeno – Sulu uses a potent, psychic lance to call out the illithid’s name, only to find the one known as ‘Xeno Morphis’ was not standing before you.

An impressive, stunning strike from Po primes the dragon for an incinerating explosion that terminates its evolution – radiant light blaring from its wounds and mouth and ichor puddling away from its dead, gray husk. Through the eldritch doorway Veera sneaks to find Xacharius kneeling on the floor, dazed between the thrall of two anima crystals. Writhing within a decaying beholder’s brain and skull, a towering, psychic tadpole begins trying to ensare you. However, at Xacharius’ behest, you sacrifice some of your most precious magic items so that the dreary wizard can consume their magic and deliver a lethal beam unto the tadpol, rending it up the middle and ending your bloody trial.

It was in the final moments of this fight that a container opens in the ceiling and drenches kaladin in irradiance – kicking off a tumultuous evolution that you’ve seen several times before..
