---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #44 - The Meatball Himself"
categories: session-recaps
---

Team 287 has finally arrived to Forccuna’s tower, and after a brief detour to pick up a brainy boy from the street you follow nazeem into the tower’s illustrious halls. Inside, see all sorts of hand cannons, weave beasts, and more drugs than you probably knew existed. You get a quick peek at some of the entertainment options for the patrons of the tower, but you’re more the types to gamble with your lives and not your money. Veera does fuck with some financial debt, though. 

Nazeem shuffles you all into a booth at the top of a grand auditorium and, at long last, you look upon the machinator of the puzzle boxes with your own eyes. The Underking gives a state-of-the-union esque run down of this quarter’s successes as well as high praise to each leader of the Five Families. In conclusion, he wishes everyone well and gives a glowing toast for the soon-to-be Underqueen of Skullport, his tenticular fiance, Sarah Morphis. 

While Maria does a little dissecting on the brain they lifted (and on nice rug, too, come on) you all work your way down to the various crime families starting with the Full Metal Witches. Here, Yuka grabs the attention of Maxima Ironheart, perhaps the tallest dwarf you’ve ever seen, and he asks her what he has to do to join their ranks. Only being interested in capable, independent witches, Maxima tasks you with making your own weave beast and doing away with at least 5 roller ways.

Next, you head to the Lycan Blokes, and rather unceremoniously might I add, as you drop through Yuka’s portal, fumbling your sulu’s limp bod and having your extremely dextrous fighter eat similar levels of shit. You have been told by numerous faefolk that the only person in this joint that can fix sulu is Malik Draqone, the leader of this crime family. In exchange for the sapphire Maria lifted off the dead wizard, Malik performs a greater restoration spell and brings Sulu’s brain back to full, average power. The Lycan leader reveals his origins from Yuka’s home of Innuksuk, and what it is that brought him to Skullport of all places.

Veera and Po head down to the bottom floor to ask the 6th St Trixies about a few naughty gnomes that did away with Po’s intended childhood. While stepping over the writhing mass of tripping pixies, you ask Fae and Tality about these gnomes and why they did what they did. However, you aren’t met with much sympathy, and are told they’re up in the Prima Limara prison where they belong. 

All of Team 287 finally makes their way up to Don Forccuna and receives the warmest of welcomes – from him, anyway. For some reason, Sarah Morphis is not very interested in getting friendly with your group, taking a particular pleasure in negging the shit out of Veera. But, The Underking is excited to see you, and after you clear up his beef with some naughty fairies, you spring your plans for a spicy bachelor party for the beholder. Holding up an issue of Gossip Grung like a city watch badge, Sulu outlines all the fun and exciting things you could get up to – which very much peaks Forccuna’s interests. 

You are transported into Forccuna’s personal vault for a bit of private planning, and you see the monstrous mob boss keeps a veritable ocean of gold inside himself. He mentions how, like with dragons, his horde produces its own magic which is imparted onto the items left to soak there. He mentions how someone used to live in here and make these items for him, but his memory of whoever this was fades by the day – and without em, Forccuna can’t make any new items.
