---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #49 - Odds and Ends"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our last session begins with a brief audit of what Yuka’s new weavebeast can do – and despite having claimed membership within the Full Metal Witches, he has yet to make moves to actually confirm this with their leader, Maxima Baneheart. Nonetheless, the party seems pleased with their collective efforts to help out their friend.

Veera pulls her sweet, green cousin over to Fae and Tality to take a quick peek at what that good, good blood do. Under Tality’s microscryer you witness the same, strange phenomenon as the ichor seemingly takes your unique matter (your adams) and conjoins it with pieces of space-magic (your mystroms) – what that really means still being a mystery. It is clear that the two of you are still changing, though Kaladin seems to be doing so at an accelerated pace – the ‘scientific implications’ either too confounding or least concerning given everything else you have to do.

Together, you finally lead Hersethena to The Don for their long awaited interview – for one of them, anyway. Sarah slithers out of the shadows (as she’s one to do) and stands by Forccuna’s side as the interview takes place. As Hersethena pries more and more secrets out of the Underking’s mouth, Ms. Morphis’ rage does little to hide itself from you – all to no avail, it seems, as Don’s lucidity has almost fully returned.

He speaks of his arrangement with King Julius, how his choice to rid the kingdom of a certain ‘cruelty’ landed him in his current position. He keeps his world and the one above it separated, but he also stands between the entirety of Waterdeep and that which is vaguely labeled as being ‘below’. He reveals his humble beginnings in Skullport, where a certain Xeno Morphis not only gave him his start but, many years later, a bride-to-be as well.

All of this takes Sarah to the zenith of her displeasure, but Ms. Prix’s final point of a many-eyeballed wizard trying to materialize near the Morphis Estate was enough to make Sarah snap – kicking off the confrontation you’d all (except Veera, at times) carefully avoided.

Hidden amongst the High Crown’s horde were some faux gold bars with your gnomish assailant’s seal of approval. Inside, the purple crystals you’d not seen since your time in Cretia return with ichor in tow. With these, Sarah enacts her plan to divide your party, kill you, and make Don her dog.

However, after a grueling fight that should have been split in two, the party stands victorious, Forccuna lays nearly comatose, and Sarah dead and full of bearshark bites.
