---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #43 - Mother Monsters"
categories: session-recaps
---

We return to the dark, shaggy embrace of Xanabar's lovers suite where the Goliath, Nyx, begins her grab at taking Blade from Kiwi. However, some ill-fated rolls make what could have been a formidable encounter mere child's play for our tabaxi fighter – who ends up showing mercy to his opponent who does not seem as eager to join the denizens of Blade. In exchange, she reveals Blades previous owner, Dialgo Inconta, went missing some years ago and the EoV (Edge of the Void) has since splintered while trying to reclaim the sword. Finally, Nyx tells you the EoV Resides deep below Waterdeep in what was previously part of a Mad Mage's dungeon – and then you make a blood oath that will help you find eachother in the future.

We cut back to Maria who finally catches up with their mobster mothers and the rings they brought. Darla clarifies they are only loosely affiliated with these gangs – ones that their families formed in the wake of Mount Waterdeep's completion and the High Crown's subsequent refusal to give them what was promised. And so, in exchange for Almana's education, Darla and Yostola will be wed before The Underking to seal together a day of unity and cooperation for the Five Families of Skullport. Maria laments their desire to have at least had the choice of knowing what Waterdeep held and the answers they might have found – but is sure to remind them that they are still loved, secret gang ties and all. Maria also calls Yuka their 'friend' which seems like a big deal.

You finally find Forccuna's retainer, Nazeem, who has you listed in her book under.. different.. names. Maria, on behalf of their parents, delivers the rings for Forccuna’s wedding. You inquire about Skullport's perceptions of The Underking beholder, and find that he takes great care of the people that follow him. She notes his behavior has changed considerably since Sarah's arrival and many worry what is to come of The Underking once the vows have been read and the knots tied. 

On your drive over to Forccuna's Tower, Team 287 is assaulted by a triad of wizards and two cruisers full of heinous, skittering brains. While tearing through Skullport at a terrifying 30 miles per hour, an impressive amount of damage gets thrown back and forth. Some notable moments include but are not limited to: Sulu getting his smarts sucked out, Yuka turning off a wizard’s flight mode, Maria lightning bending a-la Avatar: the last airbender, Veera getting force choked into the road, Sulu proving he never needed his brain anyway, Kiwi parking a cruiser like a cool guy, and Po kicking a man to death. 
