---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #58 - Royal Rumble"
categories: session-recaps
---

Last time, we kicked off the Queen’s assault on Team 287 and her dastardly attempt to snatch Veera and send her down into the undermountain. As the brutal onslaught commenced, you learned a bit about the soul engines in the room. The first you identified was Suri, The Great Liberator, who was being used as the Queen’s attack dog, alongside the King and the other nameless sentry.

With a fortuitous roll of the dice, Kiwi uses the keys to unlock the first of her many political prisoners – Cold Steel, a dragonborn union leader who revealed that the key to defeating the Queen lay but one floor below. Kiwi’s next gamble would be none too soon, as the King had promptly brought Veera within an inch of her life. Yuka, brilliantly, spared her of her fate by turning the King into a tiny wheek-wheek, which made it easy for kiwi to use the next of his keys. With her dominion over the soul engine army dwindling, the Queen grew enraged and erratic, realizing that Team 287 was far from the helpless victims she usually ambushes.

After being forced to cap Yuka’s ass, Maria’s key, at long last, finds its way into their back, and a new body is created to house their soul. Francesca’s younger sibling, the lost princess of Waterdeep, Asmariala Altair, or, just ‘Mari’, joins the team and continues the fight against their cruel and ruthless mother.

This encounter scattered Team 287, and despite Sulu’s incredible use of Dimension door – he is soon pummeled by an unending barrage of magical blasts. However, this would be the beginning of the end for the Queen, as Sulu’s passenger, Po, would use Worldbreaker to destroy the sinister engine that kept her divorced from death.

With her safeguard gone, the Queen grabs the closest of her soul engine prisoners, a rug, and slams two anima crystals together to create a portal for her escape. The session ends with you using the rest of the keys to free several important figures, such as Suri, the Lady of the waters, and the one that went by ICON in the Star Jockey registry – who you now know to be Aubin Malleus.

There is plenty left to learn about what went on beneath the Queen’s floors, so let us return to where we last left off.
