---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #47 - Heist, Part 2"
categories: session-recaps
---

Last time, our hungover, dryad druid made his way up to the Three Sisters day spa to recenter himself amidst a most harrowing series of days. Slipping into a dreamy stupor – Kaladin reconnects with his verdant patron, Eldath. He asks once more of the ichor and from whence it came, only to learn that Eldath ‘didn’t lie’ about not knowing about it but had instead ‘hidden the truth’ from you – that she had seen this substance before, back when her sister (the fourth sister) became the first of those touched by it, long, long ago. This ichor was commanded by a being that was present at many of Edena’s most tumultuous times – including the Godfall, the Terra-Aquan War, and the Entropic Cataclysm – though it hasn’t been seen since.

When pressed about who this fourth sister was, Eldath becomes upset and sternly pushes back against you asking any more. However, when asked of the Godfall – she confirms it was only her that was allowed to stay, along with the Archangel, Helm, who was uplifted to guard the stairs to Godsrealm. Eldath says she wants to discuss more about deities at your next meeting, but for now it is best that the two of you give one another some space. After a short reminder that you should save some of your heart for yourself (and your dryad cutie), you part ways.

Cutting back to the vault, the party begins their assault on the Royal Family’s horde of wealth. Sulu almost destroys the illogic gate with a potent firebolt but Don stashes it away before it can crash to the ground. Maria, prepared with a capital P, nullifies any potential risk for themselves by terminator running through the vault while both being invisible and seeing invisibility. However, despite becoming one with the horde – they did not account for their water being left behind, the very water that allows their body to move.

As the heist truly gets underway Po and Veera head off to distract any potential pursuers – only to immediately run into the tall glass of murdery water you know Cyrin. You duck and weave, avoiding railshot and magical glyphs as you go – all until you happen upon a contorted, drooling figure on the ground – which also happens to be Cyrin. With some creepy, parting words from your mysterious, elven double, the whole party is left to handle a mess of those malevolent brains you keep running into – and sometimes, eating! Po is left catatonic as you all reconvene with Forccuna who has finished up inhaling the royal horde.

As Yuka departs his post, he is validated in the wailing sirens of the Vault’s alarm system – which heralds an immediate, powerful response from the High Crown’s royal guard. Once you’re all together again, your mysterious assailant approaches. Yuka tries polymorphing this guy into a turtle, but to his surprise only his head is changed, meanwhile his body disassembles into a row of 3 gnomes clad in orange jump suits. They say they would have loved to ‘thin the herd’ a tad more, but now it’s time for them to take the fall for your heist. With mere seconds to choose, your party decides to let them take the heat while you make your escape – Po being too drooly to be able to call out to the very gnomes who eggnapped him.
