---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #53 - Aftermath"
categories: session-recaps
---

The beginning of our last session takes us to a faraway place, in the scattered remains of what was once a peaceful, twilit grove. Kaladin is met by a titanic dragon calling himself Goryx, the draconic deity of Hope, Renewal, and Death. After a small bit of introductions, Eldath appears and has a curt exchange with her fellow deity. However, this does not last long, and Kaladin is swiftly swept away in arms of his verdant ‘mother’.

With Xeno Morphis slain, the party quickly hands over their remaining magic items so that Xacharius can teleport you to Forccuna’s Tower. Once there, he witnesses the horrid aftermath of your clash with Sarah Morphis, and quickly moves to save his friend. With the raw, healing power of two, magic mooses, Xacharius raises Forccuna, strips the ichor from his horde, and tucks it away into a witch’s cauldron. The two have a long-awaited reunion while the rest of you finally get some goddamn sleep.

Maria remembers they can pop out new limbs like some sort of mecha-gecko, and so instead uses their nat 20 smithing check to aid the brave, Splicer fighters who have begun to return from the battlefield. Xacharius darkens the doorway, and says he can help Maria remember parts of their past with a rare, high level spell called ‘Creation’. In their brief lucidity, Maria recalls their time as an elf, a little sister, and a princess – but also as a dwarf, a legionnaire, and a child of someone vaguely familiar to them.

You are awoken to find Forccuna doing quite well, enjoying the company of his new, adopted protege. Xacharius eagerly crafts new items for the group as a show of thanks, and to ensure you have what you need to continue with your heroics.

With the wedding about to begin you gather outside the tower to watch the guests arrive. There, an eager orc lawyer named Oscario Thrungtusk reveals to Yuka that there was a big vault heist and that three gnomes were responsible –  and that they’re set to be executed in two days after a rushed trial. Yuka then takes a plate of Hors D'oeuvre and begins selling the complimentary snacks at a profit.

And finally, you witness the arrival of none other than Waterdeep’s royal family – King Julius & Queen Cheandra Altair and their guard – as well as Princess Francesca and her bickering, sibling guards, Plattius & Mercuria.
