---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #41 - Daddy’s Little Detectives"
categories: session-recaps
---

We begin our session with some no-good pixiepocketing as some of you find stowaways in your coin bags – which kinda sounds like a medical condition. Of the 3 thieves, only one is caught and held in Po’s palm prison while very angry negotiations are made. Seeing that the remaining 2 have no qualms with letting the 3rd one perish, Veera decides that if she can’t have the money then no one can – and she melts it. When the remaining 10 gp is returned, yuka pays the fluttering felons back double and reminds them it never hurts to just ask first. 

We head to the antiquitous halls of the Artisan’s guild to find one of Maria’s sibling-quaintences(?). You are plucked out of the entryway by one of the guild’s professors who, much to Maria’s approval I’m sure, did not ask your names nor give you his. The sociable dwarf is eager to show off the prototypes built by the organization’s founder, Pradoth Vos’talbot – who is seen as a generous man who prefers to remain distanced from pretty much everybody. 

In the Alchemy Hall Veera nabs a vial of a glowing, blue substance known as ‘alchemical precursor’ which, in addition to ‘fixing’ most potions has the added bonus of being both addictive and tasting like mustard. You find the Spell Weaver, an intricate device that amplifies spells with the sun’s own power – which Kaladin uses to cast a 9th level light spell that makes everyone's eyeballs feel itchy. 

Finally, you make it to Almana who is very happy to be seeing Maria for the first time in almost 5 years. You inquire about where Darla and Yastola have made off to, and learn that they left for Skullport the following evening. However, Darla does have some crunchy gambling habits and her daughter is not confident she’s resisted Skullport’s temptations. 

Then you make one last stop over at the Sword Coast Scribe to find Hersethena Prix, the journalist who interviewed Vos’talbot before he met his untimely end. She says she has something big on him but in exchange she wants you to get her an interview with the Underking himself. Much to her surprise, you agree, and she lets you peruse the public records before you go. And, on your way out, you are cornered by a gang of dwarves wondering what business you had with one of their own – speaking to Almana, of course. They reveal Darla, Maria’s mom, has some familial ties to the Dwarvy Boys, and that they’d be very happy to escort you down to Skullport.
