---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #57 - Going Up"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our last session begins with a brief request of Don Forccuna – Team 287 needs some skrilla, and you make the case that you’ve more than earned it in your service to Skullport and Waterdeep as a whole. It takes some buttering-up, but the Underking beholder relents and pads out each of your coin purses with 100 gp each.

With that out of the way, you get dropped off at the Skyrail station and begin your ascent to Prima Limara – which comes with a hefty, 300 gp price tag. Yuka takes a deep read on the impish ticket taker, Rudy, and not only intuits his intentions but his complicated relationship with his absent father figure as well. You notice there are a few rollers scrying on people’s belongings, but with some quick roomy-shroom shenanigans, you’re able to hide the Queen’s Keys from the roller’s prying eyes.

You make your way onto the skyrail and immediately notice Veera’s fated foe, Jillain Frumpus, lamenting her financial woes regarding some recent identity fraud. She is speaking to a crimson-skinned fairy, an IRS (Infernal Revenue Service) agent who is quite certain she can catch the one responsible.

On your way to your seats, you are stopped by the handsomely-dressed, tiefling art curator, Mateo, who is entranced by your gorgeous faberge egg. He initially offers 8,000 gp for Kaladin, but after you begin to walk away, he brings the price up to 15,000. After a quick huddle, your druid consents to the scheme, knowing he has a trick up his sleeve. After the deal is made, your party arrives in Prima Limara and Kaladin makes a quick escape as a rat – leaving Mateo to scream about his stolen property.

Your party is surprised to see Yuka waved through into the tower without the usual formalities, which alerts many of your suspicions. While working your way up to the top floor, a Soul Engine attendant gushes over their love and adoration of Pradoth Vos’Talbot and his contributions to the kingdom – meanwhile, Kiwi stands silently and invisibly amongst you. After a long ride, you arrive at the top of Chronus Imperius and reunite with Plattius, Francesca, and Mercuria who was already following you.

Finally, you are formally introduced to The King and Queen, who dryly welcome you into their throne room. While Yuka does his best to pass himself off as a true noble, Kiwi gets to swiping with Maria standing guard. A series of statistically improbable 3’s has our tabaxi sneak fumbling with the key, but he’s able to save himself before his cover is completely blown. Maria distracts the King before he can investigate the noise more closely.

With Maria’s key in hand, the party tries to make their exit, but not before the Queen insists that everyone stay to eat. Cautiously, Daddy’s little girls lift their trays to find a delicious spread of pimentos and rice, everyone except for Veera, that is. Under her tray sat a peculiar bag, which revealed a small jar with a familiar, black substance ferociously itching to get closer. Having confirmed her suspicions, the Queen snaps her fingers and sics the King on the young tiefling, who drops his magical disguise and reveals himself to be a soul engine with a spectacular pair of wings. Two more soul engine sentries emerge from the periphery and the Queen dons an equally imposing visage..
