---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #46 - Heist, Part 1"
categories: session-recaps
---

The great, big, bachelor heist has finally begun. We begin with our pair of smooth operators who, in hindsight, may have over prepared as Kiwi quite creatively switches out his magic hat for the pair of Plane Peekers – completely nullifying my encounter.

We move onto Veera and Yuka who court Fae and Tality (leaders of the 6th st trixies) for some destructive aid on the rollerways. You learn that the pair of faefolk share a mouth and that they are exploring the long list of substances in a book called the narcoticon. You purchase a jar of mercury, AKA dragon piss, and give up a hearty helping of Veera’s good, good, hunter fuel in exchange for temporary use of their flasklock pistol. Tality vows to make a potent drug out of Veera’s blood.

On the way to your mark, you have a chance encounter with the surviving princess of Waterdeep, Lady Francesca, who was denied privacy and agency while trying to grieve her lost sister. However, you’re able to get her to smile after being proper delinquents to her pushy body guards. While eavesdropping on these guards, you learn that there was a mysterious prison break in the wee hours of the morning. 

The party has a quick moment alone with Don Forccuna on your way up to the Stacks, where he slowly comes to the realization that the only way he can go on this heist is if he wears a magical dog collar – though Maria is kind enough to clean it for him so it at least smells nice. The Underking also begins to have spotty recollections of the magic item artisan that used to live in his head, uttering “zaah-’ before losing the thought. Progress.

Sulu and Sally slip their way into the pet salon and get a tour of the facilities. While Sulu stalls, Sally is let into an enclosure to make good friends with Goobie the crocpuppy. You quickly deduce the password to be none other than Goobie’s full and quite ridiculous name. 

Lastly, this brings us to Po and Huckleberry who, after some delightful miscommunication, get the cart back on the rails and sneak the crew into the locker rooms. There, they surround Ro Decoco in the mudbath, Po using his big, owlbear bod to block the vaultmaster’s view. Veera clumsily undresses for several minutes to distract another patron while Maria picks their way into Ro DeCoco’s locker.

Finally getting your hands on the Index, you all cram into the sauna so Sulu can recite the password.
