---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #56 - An Exchange"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our last session begins on the trail of our expeditious tabaxi, walking the streets of Skullport until he bumps into yet another Edge of the Void cultist. Having seen Kiwi leave Forccuna’s tower, this shadowy figure endeavored to have you find their missing leader, Dialgo Inconto, who he believes may be a prisoner inside the Underking’s tower. Letting little slip, Kiwi walks away and says he’ll think about it.

Afterwards, Po, Veera, and Malik make their way to The Stacks to make a trade for the Boondiggle Boys. With 3 of the High Crown’s highly coveted keys in tow, you make your way into a holding cell with the three gnomes and the eternally aggressive mud pile known as Captain Holt. The Royal Guard is understandably quite dubious of the trade, but your group follows the liar’s tenets of ‘deny, deny, deny’. After some tense negotiations, Po agrees to hand over 2 keys, unintentionally giving The Great Liberator’s key in the process along with the key belonging to orcish playwrite Hugh Gurant. Captain Holt then proceeds to shoot Gurant’s key while pocketing the other.

The party reconvenes at the tower, and finds Lady Mercuria lingering around in the Hallways. After giving the siblings their mother’s key, she felt compelled to return the party’s generosity, as well as apologize for treating Yuka like dirt. The fancifully dressed elf reveals that after you had made entry into the Royal Suite, the Queen requested the three elves make contact with your group, having since been tasked with shadowing you. Since her allegiance lies solely with Lady Francesca, the royal guard has no qualms with letting a few of these secrets slip.

And finally, Maria returns to Xacharius to recover their next pair of dreams. The first memory is between the young Asmariala and pre-annoited Julius Altair as the two discuss cookies, scars, and the danger of entitlement. Meanwhile, the second vision reveals the dwarven legionnaire with their father, the both of them standing over a grave. Together, you mourn the loss of your mother while coming to a quiet understanding regarding her final wishes.
