---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #55 - Brain Bomb"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session the party finally begins confronting the sheer breadth of all that they’ve learned – but not before endeavoring to erk out a little more. Kaladin shares his experiences with Eldath and Goryx in the Astral Plane, and his fears that he may be turning into a primordial – a hungry thing. Sulu, initially uncertain about sharing, explains how he would ally himself with Goryx in snuffing out Kaladin, if a primordial is truly what he’s become. The tritons have a previously-secret language known as ‘primordial’, which is used to discuss a portal-rich region outside their kingdom and the changed creatures it produces.

Which leads quite well into Talbot’s Portaiter, which the party finally delves into. Therein, you witness a family of adventurers, the Talbots, celebrating their journey’s end after collecting many, powerful relics. The endearing, family scene is quickly soured, however, as a foul being that calls itself ‘Enthalpy’ spawns from the relics after doing something to the young Doth Talbot. It declares him to be its eventual heir, and encourages him to one day shed his mortal flesh and find its ‘masterpiece’.

One of the voices in this harrowing tale did stick out to most of you – leading many of you to realize that Huckleberry may be none other than Doth Talbot’s older, and drastically altered brother. Wary of upsetting or deceiving him, the party confronts him about these truths – which did elicit some big emotions but was ultimately handled with tenderness and care.

You head over to Fae and Tality and sort through some of the reading material pulled from talbot’s lab. Hidden amongst books and tomes you catch wind of some magical lingerings, ultimately finding a demiplane hidden inside. Here, you learn of an enigmatic group of interplanar travelers known as ‘Star Jockeys’, and see that Talbot has, at the very least, taken a passing interest in their creed. You pocket a few of ‘Moon Doggy’s’ strange lockets and leave it at that.

And lastly, we cut away to the grand conclusion of Kaladin’s time with Eldath – the two entering a contentious discussion on their way to Godsrealm. The green goddess finally reveals some small bits and pieces about her lost sister, lovingly referred to as ‘Tea’, who was corrupted by a dark and familiar-sounding entity. Just as Eldath reveals her intentions to bury Kaladin’s body and soul, she is interrupted by a draconic blockade helmed by Bahamut. As Kaladin is taken away by his new protectors, he agrees that none of this was his fault, and that it was Eldath that got in her own way.
