---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #62 - Fuck you!"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, the party has an interesting back-and-forth with Farker, the hopgoblin cobbler trapped in a violet crystal. Farker recalls a portal opening up swallowing him and his entire store – and finding out that was two entire centuries ago did not please him. So desperately did he hope you worked for Mr. Talbot, but alas, while you are here on Talbot’s behalf it is not with his best interest in mind. After much focus being put on Talbot’s soul-rending briefcases, the party remembers to keep an eye out in the undermountain.

Veera does a little bit of mad science, attempting to recreate the Queen’s flashy escape by smashing two anima crystals together. While this did punch a hole out of Farker’s gem, it did not create a sustained portal as you’d seen before.

Before jumping into the Well, Nyx gives you a quick run down of everything going on with the EoV. After 5 years, Dialgo has finally been lifted from Forccuna’s Drawer. Its three factions have splintered, leaving the sprawling cult in a state of disarray. Their years-long clash with the horde of horrors has come to a head, as the Slayer faction has begun capturing and keeping them in their fight pit – which has greatly upset what they call ‘The Siren Sovereign’.

Daddy’s Little Basejumpers descend into the well, some more controlled than others, but you all manage to survive. Mostly. Nyx laments that you’ll need some disguises, so picking off a patrol party will be the easiest way to do that – and so you do! The cave’s tight walls prove tricky to maneuver, but your party’s haphazard-strategy and magical surges prove lethal for the EoV patrols.

As the party gets ready to take a quick break, Yuka jumps into the flowing pool and dives deeper – revealing a distant room at the end of the shadowy tube. Inside, he finds a murky grave for several dozen EoV, as well as a menacing, multi-armed horror lurking beneath.
