---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #63 - Shadow Drinker"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, Yuka’s deep dive attracts the attention of an aquatic cave horror which chases our little fish moose back to Team 287. Expecting the worst, yuka prepares to collapse the cave but is stopped when the horror re-emerges from the pool wearing a cloak and an eerie mask. Mari attempts to connect with the creature’s mind, only to hear the soft, melodic tones of someone singing. The horror begins honing in on each of your faces, and while some are reluctant to accept its masks, your party thinks it better to take them than risk upsetting it.

While everyone takes a moment to catch their breath, you hear a haunting speech given by the EoV’s commander, Dialgo Inconto. He laments his fallen comrades and declares war on hand cannons and those that make them – promising to eradicate the entire industry once his followers finally join him from within Blade. He speaks of his subordinate’s mission into Talbot’s lab, that, while unsuccessful in slaying the Siren Sovereign, did find valuable documents that would reveal what Blade actually was. Dialgo promised to gather everyone up and tell the end of the tale before commencing the ‘Night of a Thousand Duels’. Once they find the kitty that stole his sword, of course.

Your party pushes deeper into EoV territory and B-lines straight for the fight pit. Kaladin turns into a weird bear with gills and and Kiwi uses his hat of hats to make a sandy cheeks-esque bubble helmet for him. At the fight pit, you find the faction leader, Falchion, a cruel dragonborn who you saw teasing a large, caged horror. Without much hesitation your party kills his ass, Kiwi delivering the finishing blow and absorbing him into Blade.

With the confrontation complete, you give the horror back its mask – changing its frantic demeanor into one that is calm, which it uses to begin releasing the other caged horrors. With the threat neutralized, you call the one known as Huckleberry, Bran Talbot, and Brother to reunite with the one known as Sawyer, Galder Talbot, and Father.
