---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #42 - The Raven, The Witch, and the Dwarves Drove"
categories: session-recaps
---

We kick off with a little cruise from The Stacks on down to Skullport – courtesy of the Dwarvy Boys. Inside you are offered all sorts of fine amenities – booze, smokes, and privacy in the form of a magical, raven construct that gobbles up your words.

A few party members catch sight of some peculiar characters in the crowd. Po and Sulu spot the witch who was messing with the roller ways and, along with the team, flag her over for a quick shout. Her name is Maeve Stitchorn, a member of the Full Metal Witches, who, along with her sister Ginny, are providing security for two, special guests. We cut to Maria, who approaches these guests and sees there are none other than their mothers Darla and Yastola who did not hide their shock well. But, after a small slip about the Woodland Corps you think it’s better to move your conversation inside.

So you step in the flashy and exuberant Xanabar’s to find a prismatic playground of every vice you could imagine, and maybe a few that you can’t. As you walk in, a suspicious goliath woman takes note of Kiwi’s presence and hangs around him for the night. Meanwhile, a couple of you go and throw a few back on Xanabar’s dime in exchange for some exciting stories. You learn of Xanabar, Don Forccuna, and how Beholders dream their greatest desires and terrifying fears into existence – which are often other Beholders. Veera vaguely asks what he thinks might have happened to to her predecessors (such as Asperia Everscale) – and Xanabar bets they were probably snuffed out on purpose. 

Po crosses paths with a lil kenku trying to sell people drugs. With a little coaxing you’re able to learn about three gnomes that were in the 6th St Trixies who are currently serving time for a variety of crimes – Toiver, Hizfitz and Devon – and you wonder if these could be the same gnomes who eggnapped you all them years ago. And, lastly, you chat it up with Maeve and Ginny about the weave beasts they make as well as the general hierarchy of Skullport. They seem to take a liking to you and so they ask Daddy’s Little Criminals if they’ll do what it takes to preserve Don Forccuna’s legacy if that’s what it comes to, but they don’t elaborate any further – not yet

Finishing off the night, Kiwi is finally approached by the goliath going by Nyx, and is invited back to her room for some privacy. Nyx makes the room dark, locked, and silent – which sets the stage for her to get up to no good.
