---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #48 - Cleaning up"
categories: session-recaps
---

Returning to forccuna’s tower, the party once again scatters to clean up the loose threads left behind by their heisty preparations. We begin with the Kiwi, Veera, and Kaladin who return to the surface to collect their belongings from the day spa’s locker room. While Kaladin changes out of Nazeem’s silky, spacious PJ’s, Huckleberry is whisked away – much to the adulation of the day spa’s over-shantied patrons.

Kiwi returns to the Artisan’s guild to snatch his hat back, Veera resisting the urge to crack open every book, scroll, and tome therein. While Kiwi pulls one over on a curious student, Veera saves Maria’s sister from forgoing her earthly-tethers to escape the librarian’s vase talk.

Po finally, finally is able to pull out his brooch and gets someone to shift him into lowercase po. Like a father wheeling around his tired, gourd-like child, Sulu saunters to the Lycan Bloke lounge to get the fix, and get his fix. Some familiar faces reemerge with that good, good wedding drip on, Stanley especially, and you’re led inside to visit Malik who is just trying to eat a damn meal in peace. Po gets his thinker juice back and Sulu manages to convince a weretiger businessman to give him an entire crate of coffee beans for free.

Maria heads over to the Splicers to see what they have to say about their cracked gem. The manager of the Med Bay, Tech, reveals that gems are impossible to fix when they are still being occupied – and your only option is to find the key that goes with your soul engine. After much insistence, Tech gets Maria to sit down for an inspection and finds that there is not one, but two entities living inside their crystal. You also witness the effects of Shell Sickness, a result some longer-lived soul engines experience after returning to their original bodies.

Veera goes to drop off the flasklock pistol when she is goaded into looking at Tality’s microscryer. It’s more than can be discussed with brevity, but what she sees both intrigues and perplexes. Despite their contentious understanding of one another, Tality offers Veera a book pulled from Vos’talbot’s lab after Vespa and Forccuna did him in.

---

And, lastly, in a small - extra curricular session that took place over the weekend, Yuka pulled the party together to help him construct his very own weavebeast using the illogic gate. Sulu, Veera, Kaladin, and Yuka first tried to stabilize the elemental energies within, ultimately holding the air and water elements in place. Then, Veera wrapped her infernal chain around it – suffusing it with fire and coldfire to weaken the geode, and then collapsing it in on itself with Huckleberry pulling on the other end. With the resulting water plane anima crystals, Maria smithed the base for the gem to rest in, ultimately getting a nat 20 and suffusing it with not one, but two charges of a particular spell.
