---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #65 - Resonance"
categories: session-recaps
---

Team 287 departs the crumbling ruins of the EoV and heads into the dim frontiers of the tunnels beyond. Quickly, you run into a pair of feuding, bite-sized horrors, tiny monstrosities which appear to be made out of fingers and little else. A tickle-fight breaks out between the ones wearing masks and the ones who arent, the latter succumbing to the other’s superior numbers before being dragged into the depthless mists of the Undermountain. Understandably, the party chooses not to follow.

The tunnels soon fill with motes of moonlight – suffused with calming, swaying magics which Veera quickly falls victim to. However, upon closer inspection, they also seem to have shadow magic at their core which hasn’t affected anyone, yet..

You then stumble upon a group of horrors who, with the help of one peculiar briefcase, appear to be pulling new horrors out of the anima crystals, along with puddles of a familiar, black liquid that moves with a life of its own. Yuka makes a mad grab for the case, but is brief-blocked by his fellow teammates, who go to extreme measures to keep the horrors from becoming agitated.

While our airborn moose evades the horrors, the party moves ahead and finds a towering structure etched into the cave walls. As the last of the horrors proceed into the decrepit building, you find the excavated remains of a colossal dragon, and clear signs of someone’s archelogical attempts. While initially hesitant, Veera uses her grim psychometry to tap into this creatures lingering legacy – witnessing a cosmic adventure seeded with hope, plagued with pain, and ending betrayal and sacrifice.

And finally, as you step into the tower a column of moonlight rises with the harmonious hymns of two voices, one commanding the horrors, the other the voice of a friend.
