---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #61 - Here Comes Ruby"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our last session begins with a quick visit to Salome Dior, where Po and the Boondiggle Boys repair their complicated relationship with new clothes and a renewed understanding of one another. However, the group has been tailed by Carlo, an agent of Mateo, who Po deduces to be a pervert. Not wanting to cause a scene, Po buys off the peeping tiefling and gets him to carry out his search for the gnomes  elsewhere. The gnomes thank Po for his warmth and kindness, and promise to help him track down his mother when the time comes.

We then jump to the Solarium’s hangar, where Plattius has gathered you all for your descent into the Undermountain. As he flies you over the Violet Wastes, a few of you notice a paper bird trying to get your attention. It delivers a sending stone, which brings you into contact with Crystal Maddox – the Woodland Corps. Sentinel with less than favorable opinions of one Scout Tonraq. Though he is taken aback by your many activities – the regicide request notwithstanding –  he is able to laugh it off and delegate any impending concern to Councillor Shortfang.

One-by-one, your party drops into the Violet Wastes like the secret agent badasses you most definitely are – but not without a few complications along the way. The towering, anima crystal spires react to your presence and blast you with freezing geysers, ball lightning, and untamed, magical surges.

Upon landing, Nyx reveals that you are near your entrance into the Undermountain – the fabled Yawning Portal Inn. The party inquires about the many water barrels strewn about, and your goliath guide tells you about a burrowing, water-fearing monster called ‘Ruby’. And no sooner does the gem-encrusted Bulette arrive on the scene to chase Team 287 through the doors of the ancient tavern.
