---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #50 - Second Anniversary"
categories: session-recaps
---

Fresh off the heels of your brutal clash with Sarah Morphis, the party emerges from the necrotized Don Forccuna who, despite his hopeful demeanor, does not appear to be doing well. He reveals that if he has any chance of surviving, the party will need to set out and save Xacharius from Xeno’s clutches within the Morphis Estate. Meanwhile, the heads of the Five Families work together to try and stabilize their dying Underking while you get ready to set out – but not before Po takes center stage and fans the flames of war.

Hersethena, not reading the room terribly well, offloads her secret stash of Talbot intel – which comes in the form of an old, be-gemed portraiter that she got from a bit of casual grave robbing. While driving your party to the destination of your final confrontation, she weaves a tale of journalistic intrigue which takes her to a decrepit village on the Eastern Continent called ‘Rhous Rythy’. There, she found a mostly abandoned settlement with a fenced off graveyard made special for a family known as ‘The Talbots’. Showing little qualms with unearthing the dead, Hersethena plundered the Talbot’s graves, Doth’s among them, only to find they were empty, save for the antique portraiter which has yet to have its contents revealed.

Upon arriving at an entrance to the Dark Quarter (the lightless mile surrounding the Morphis Estate) Hersethena leaves you – and Kiwi is sent in to do reconnaissance. After some poking around he finds a pair of Rhidern who cower at the sound of his disembodied voice, warning now that he has entered he may never leave. Not long after, our tabaxi fighter is reminded that intellect devourers do not need eyes to see, and thus chase him all the way back to the party where Daddy’s Little Killers make quick work of them. Having poked a hole in the Dark Quarter’s monstrous armor, you delve further to do your part in ending this madness.
