---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #71 - Home Again Again"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our last session begins in the Frostmount, filled with the many beasts Yuka has yoinked out of the base and placed into his frosty party plane. As the once simple creatures contemplate the nature of their awakened lives, the air fills with a magical melody, responding to the rampant joy of its newest inhabitants.

Soon you are summoned for debriefment, joining Podrick and Crystal Maddox who report on their parallel missions. Podrick details his rebuilding efforts in Cretia while Maddox mentions reports of soul engines fleeing Waterdeep after escaping the Queen’s thrall.

The council, however, is far more interested in hearing from Daddy’s little disruptors and their operations in Waterdeep. The party does well to explain only the important parts – like saving the the Underking, destroying the Morphis Estate, and ousting Queen Cheandra – leaving out the less relevant details such as the Ascendant Grove and Doth Talbot’s plans to revive a dormant amalgamation of deities to carry out god slaughter. Again, only the important parts.

These omissions would not remain secret for long, however, as Veera tunnels down to Grimguard to confess all the things you didn’t say. Admitting that your team lied to the council, Vespa becomes aware of Doth Talbot’s plans, as well as his apparent, primordial form – (but again, leaving out the part where you are going to work with him). In exchange, Vespa painfully admits to doctoring her reports in order to delve into a foreign kingdom to try and apprehend her enemy by force – accidentally setting off events Doth Talbot had spent centuries trying to avoid.

We end with Mari communing with Talbot, asking him about his life after the cataclysm, the true nature of the Queen, and everything he did in Cretia. Talbot recommends you travel to the ocean to use its naturally occurring rifts and gain access to the Plane of Water - all while he tries to develop a way for you to safely traverse the planes.
