---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #68 - The Great Door Beneath the Mountain"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our last session begins at the peak of the Frostmount. Here, Yuka determines that this egg overflows with the energies of the Northern Wildfire, and that the egg itself seems to connect to the Plane of Dreams. When attempts to reach out to Tonrar fail, he returns to the group and prepares to leave.

Veera re-examines Talbot’s map, confirming that the number of ‘sleeping dragons’ circled on it corresponds to the number of dragons she saw in her vision – 6 in total. Mari re-posits that the ‘woman buried’ is likely to be Eldath’s lost sister. And the ‘Door beneath the mountain’, well, who fuckin knows.

With some audacious stealth rolls that border on non-existence – you all sneak past a bunch of sleeping horrors and make your way to Durnan’s Drop – also known as ‘that Big, Black hole.’ Yuka leads with his trademark, backwards dive – you all follow him into the minute-long, dark descent, accidentally triggering a purple crystal which delete’s Mari’s hair, and, despite what Cody heard, does not explode Yuka like a meat pinata.

Upon landing, you are surprised to find you have not entered a portal, but instead landed on a circular ruin. Again, with some near-godly stealth checks Daddy’s Little Sneaky Sweeps quietly uncover a painting on the floor and find it depicts a number of dragons as well as a familiar shape at its center. Kaladin and Sulu read the message left on the wall, parting words left by the dead dragon from up above. It outlines all they have lost and given in search of their gods and the regret they now feel for what they’ve done. After having seen what became of their lost gods, the dragon swore to leave and die somewhere else – their remains found up above and with the indent of the key running through their neck.

Since there is no way to succinctly summarize everything that took place after this, I will simply say that ‘things got weird’.
