---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #76 - Deep in the Trench"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, Daddy’s Little detectives begin their inspection of a shadowy trench made most notable by the abandoned chapel sitting at its heart – where you hope to find some trace of that no good Pete Rhana. Some of you notice a cloud of glowing lights, and there you see a procession of eerie creatures forming from the ocean floor.

Sulu determines them to be a sort of underwater, soul engine facsimile with anima crystals at their core. Unfortunately, there is not much time to investigate as Sulu wanders right into a panicking Pete Ranha in the midst of sacrificing his sea horse so he can escape the horde. After a fruitless struggle to relieve Pete of the stolen mitts, the party leaps from the shadows to save Sulu from his boo-boo’s. As each of these enemies fall, so, too, do their crystal cores dissolve into the water – until nothing remains.

Then Kiwi murdered Pete Ranha – thoroughly demonstrating the difference between a lvl 1 npc and a lvl 10 player character – whatever that means. Thankfully, Pete had a dagger on him and so his soul was granted the privilege of being consumed by Blade. Godspeed, Ramazall.

Battered and bruised, the party has a change of heart about the ship graveyard, and scuttles into one of the sunken vessels for a short rest. Here, they find an alchemy jug at the feet of an ancient skeleton – which Mari is quick to reveal as some sort of puzzle. After solving its riddle and rearranging its corks, you are offered one water-based wish by the marid noble what was trapped inside – who admits to sinking these trade vessels on behalf of the Water Goddess Umberlee. In exchange for 3 of your magic items, she gives you a very powerful flask called ‘Mister Bottle’.

And finally, Yuka wanders his way into one of the other ships, finding it filled with the floating corpses of many murdered aquans. Using Grim Psychometry, Veera sees Queen Cheandra slaughtering other goldscales and feeding their power to a similarly regaled kuo-toa kept on a chain. The vision ends with Cheandra punching a hole through this witnesses’ chest.
