---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #77 - Queen No More"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, the party listens in on Queen Cheandra as she accosts the latest of her goldscale victims — wishing she could move things along before the next one gets here. With his sultry, intoxicating voice – her goldscale, kuo-toa accomplice, Golby, eagerly asserts that the next one is very close — who they both presume to be Benjamin Newgate.

Instead, Mari bursts through a hole in the ceiling and shoots their mom. The party descends on the Queen with a pure and expedient assault; wasting no time to ask or inquire and instead dedicating their entire focus towards purging this woman from Edena and everywhere else, too. Outside, Kaladin, Kiwi, and Yuka focus on fending off the horde of Reef Engines while saving the crabfolk family.

Seeing her contingencies crumble beneath a bloodthirsty horde of Sea Cows, the Queen summons her ace in the hole – a towering dredge giant which uses a titanic bolt of lightning to atomize Yuka. Meanwhile, the entire chapel lifts off its foundation to reveal a colossal, crab leviathan – seemingly working in tandem with the Queen.

Who does not live for very long, as Veera lacerates a radiant X across Cheandra’s chest, causing her to explode into a dozen, ichor-infused pieces across the room. On the other side of the chapel, Po tries to subdue Golby with less-than-lethal means, surprised that not one, two, or three backhands were enough to bring the slack-jawed kuo-toa down. Shoving Po aside, Kiwi runs up and shanks Golby with his sword – the small fish man crying out in glee that he will soon become one with the Sea Mother.

And lastly, as the party awaits for Benjamin Newgate, Maurice and maybe the Sea Sages, Mari reaches out to Talbot to inform him that you have ‘taken care’ of the Queen, something he seems rather pleased about. In a sharp turn of topic, Talbot asks Mari that if Sulu’s scales have anything to do with the draconic spirits you are searching for – will Mari be able to serve the greater good and sacrifice their teammate… if it comes to that. And they didn’t say no..
