---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #83 - A Prelude to Beanstock"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, the party returns to base, only to discover a titanic beanstalk has taken root outside its valley. Initially assuming it to be the consequences of some long, forgotten action – many are relieved to see this encampment is, in fact, a traveling festival – known as Beanstock no less! You are welcomed in by General Gar of Niege, or, just Garbanzo for today, a weathered warrior here to pay honor to his ancestor and the festival’s namesake, Beans McFlabbin’.

We learn of Beans’ colorful past as a mighty warrior who Garbanzo alleges to have single-handedly ended the Entropic Cataclysm – save for some help from his hound, Biscuit, and a close ally known simply as The Blue Wizard. Here, visitors can enjoy food, wares, and all manner of merriment amongst their fellow travelers as well as those of Bean Stock.

However, the real cream of this crop are the three competitions meant to pass the torch on that which made Beans, Beans. There is the Iron Bone, which celebrates the skill and bond of our beastial companions; Prophepalooza, where hopeful musicians compete for Bean’s musical nickname, ‘The Homeless Prophet’; and, most notoriously, The Gauntlet, where descendants of the big man himself throw down and lay their claim to the legendary battleaxe that struck down the Cataclysm, Godbreaker.

The festivities are set to begin, and all we’re waiting for is last year’s winner to kick things off. Oh, and their team of champions, of course.
