---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #78 - Hyldor Bound"
categories: session-recaps
---

We kick off our last session with the grand return of the industrious, goldscale Nepo-Baby, Benjamin Newgate – who has taken inspiration from Mari’s modular armor and given his cantripper an aquatic configuration! You are invited aboard to discuss next steps – and learn that while Mr. Newgate mostly enjoys his work, he’d much rather be sailing Edena – or even the Astral Sea beyond.. If such a thing were possible. With the promise of great news, the party slams a trailblazer onto the table and weaves their tales of the curious and enigmatic Star Jockeys.

In a flash of inspiration, Newgate swiftly creates a prototype of an interplanar engine. However, he says he will need to experience the effects of plane hopping to calibrate both it and the cantripper to survive future jumps. Daddy’s Little Deliverers pop back to the farm to deliver Pete Ranha’s ill-gotten goods and pick up Yuka’s well-earned and highly-reproductive sea cow.

The party receives a sending stone from Whiskers, desperately in need of assistance as his attempts to reach the Sea Sages got him both bullied and threatened with treason. And so, with the cantripper’s new, Sulu-supercharged engine, you rocket to Hyldor in record time.

Upon your arrival, the kingdom is in a state of healing after a recent primordial attack on its walls. Sulu, also known as Bubbles in this circle, sweet talks the nearby vanguard into letting him and his entourage through – much to the chagrin of the Hyldorian Protectorate. After a much needed long rest, you bust into the Sea Sages chambers and drop the news of the goldscale slaughter that took place at the chapel. Howie screams, he cries, he even frows up – as their ageless task of hiding and protecting the goldscales has, apparently, come to an end. You are told of this tale and its place within the First Calamity, but I cannot and will not recount it here.

With the help of the grotesquely curious Sea Sage, Kamui, you ask the decapitated queen five questions – which, in her depthless arrogance, was quite vague in answering – if not witheringly spiteful to Mari. This leads the room to attempt more direct means of post-mortem interrogation with Veera diving deep into the Queen’s memories.
