---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #69 - Turning Point"
categories: session-recaps
---

Last session, the party laid eyes on Doth Talbot’s end game – a dormant amalgamation of draconic gods stitched into Eldath’s lost sister, Tiamat, who is revealed to be the apparent source of the ichor. She is an inherited prize, one crafted with all of Enthalpy’s failed schemes throughout your Sphere’s existence – and with the First Primordial now slain it was Talbot who would be the first to find it.

Talbot laments his poor choice in collaborators, and considers what fruits your partnership might bring. You did help him discover ascendance, and having a barrier between him and his most persistent antagonists might allow him to progress unabated. Daddy’s Little deciders step out to think it over.

The party guts Sulu for that good good sorcerer blood and orders an extraction from Crystal Maddox. While Mari stays behind to question Talbot further, the rest of you return to the Grove, eager to get a first hand account of ascendance and the faefolk it affects. Some of their memories are intact, like Opal and her days as a baker, while others, like Peter, are convinced there is nothing left to recall. Veera and Yuka do their best to help, but the latter just makes him blush and fly away.

Mari reveals to Talbot that they were the princess his invention had saved all those centuries ago – perhaps the first. Mari is asked to grab the draconic key, which turns into a much more conveniently sized wand – and they are told this will help them locate the ‘sleeping dragons’ if they do decide to help him.

The party leaps through the great door. On the other side, you float in the Astral Sea, billions of miles from Edena, and see Talbot as he truly is – a towering, horrific being comprised of those lost in the cataclysm, but, at his heart, a flesh and blood primordial. He hopes to use a completed Tiamat to purge this sphere of its gods, among other things, and would like your help to do it. Instead of an ardent yes, the party just doesn’t say no. And that’s where you leave it.
