---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #66 - The Siren Sovereign"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our session kicks off with a party divided – one half eager to reach Huckleberry in the tower, the other mostly being Yuka wanting to spite his naysayers, as well as Kiwi and Kaladin who don’t want their teammate’s sour mood getting him killed.

The trio find a mountain of suitcases left behind and are quick to steal literally all of them. Once their brief case of grand larceny is completed, they do their best to stealthily observe where the horrors are headed. Kiwi and Kaladin tuck themselves away, but it seems Yuka was a tad too confident in his ‘pass without trace’ spell, and so he just sort of stands there. Thankfully, the colossal monstrosity is too preoccupied with collecting horrors to notice Daddy’s little voyeurs.

Our crack team of investigators climb the stairs and investi-GATE a fallen gate, gate gate gate, I’m having a stroke. Po grants the party passage in a puff of feathers, flying inside and pulling the gate’s lever, granting you all entry. Here the party finds an abandoned research space with two separate halls, one for ‘Dragonflesh golems’ and the other ‘False Primordials’. Near one of these dragonflesh golems, the party finds a glowing potion (which Sulu reads to be a Potion of Dragon’s Majesty written in his people’s secret, primordial language) along with a few empty barrels with some dragon scales inside. On the desk is a hand-drawn map of the Astral Sea, littered with vague notes about the locations of ‘Sleeping dragons, a woman buried, and a great door beneath the mountain’. The final discovery is one of Talbot’s puppets, which seems to have been laying beneath the golem for several years now.

Sulu leads the investigation into the other hall, discerning this was where Huckleberry, Father, and the others were kept in furnished cages. In the cage labeled ‘Brother’, our sorcerous sleuth finds a stack of children’s novels titled ‘The Adventures of Huckleberry & Quinn’, the apparent inspiration for your masked friend’s alias.

Ascending the stairs, you enter the topmost room of this tower’s ruins, and inside you see Huckleberry, Father, and who you discern to be the Siren Sovereign, Quinn, ‘Sister’; or the woman formerly known as Ellaine Talbot. Here, the three pluck scale’s from Sister’s mangled and mutated body, crafting new masks to be placed on the horrors. During your carefully executed extraction, she reiterates that you misunderstand Mr. Talbot and that everyone in the world must be ‘fixed’. Through tears and protest, Yuka collapses the room and you all begin your escape.
