---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #67 - First Night in the Frostmount"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, Daddy’s Little Giggleshits laugh for the first 5 minutes of the recap, the proximity of the DM’s cheeks and Scott’s comments about it notwithstanding.

The party dashes back into Talbot’s crumbling lab so that Yuka can do the thing he thinks he can probably do, maybe. You drop the gate, which Po buries beneath some dirt, which gives you enough time away from the horrific horde for Yuka to create a portal to his personal demi-plane. One by one you jump in, only to find your teammate has scheduled you all for an impromptu skii trip.. off a cliff! And it takes not just Kaladin, not Sulu, but Mari as well to save Powder from falling thousands of feet into a pile of his own namesake. But alas, you win the day with all mounts intact.

You begin to explore the fledgling demi-plane, and really lay it on that the lack of talking, party animals is some real bullshit. After Kaladin, no wait Yuk-, ah I’m sorry, Kiwi finds a suitable shelter all by himself, you pile somewhere between 10 to 20 torches and create a really, silly fire. Here, Mari examines the strange book that Veera swiped – which appears to be made of ichor and contains information, languages, and spells of all the creatures it has consumed – which seems to be pretty much all of them.

Veera examines talbot’s potion, and with a drip and a lick determines with a fair bit of certainty that it will probably turn you into a dragon once it’s completed. The map that rested near the potion, however, goes unexamined.

Mari reaches out to the spirit they used to share a gem with – meeting Nora Steelsworn, the daughter of one jorted-up, dwarven artificer who now lives in the jungle. She laments the loss of her body but is very happy to see that Mari has more or less survived. It appears the mass of your new body can be shared between the two of you, but Nora insists you keep it.. For now.

Kaladin reaches out to Goryx and Bahamut, who are caught unawares by the ascendant hatchling. Despite their deific presence, the remains of the dead dragon and its tragic story seem to be but a drop in the bucket of their eons-long existence, and they do not recall anything about them. When asked about how to turn back into a human, the godly pair are incredulous, but assure you it will come with time.

And finally, as everyone else rests Yuka steps out to observe his domain, thinking on what it means to be here, and more so what it means to be here alone. A far off mountainslide reveals a beam of light that empowers the Aurora Polaris and transforms Kiko into a much larger, much more scaled version of themself. You are lead to the top of the mountain, where you discover a titanic, iridescent egg which appears to be the source of the light and, perhaps, Kiko as well.
