---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #80 - A Brave Attempt"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our last session begins with the unexpected comedy duo, Kaladin and Po, who find themselves in a weird, back alley eatery – the Crabby Hermit. Ramsey the Gastromancer serves you up an eclectic course of your favorite meals – be it soup in a boot or a stew your girlfriend made during your all-food diet. He cautions you of uttering Umberlee’s name, as she’s known to punish those that get in her way – alluding to his temporal eye-ticks.

While shouting their friends names like lost children, Po is greeted by a curious visitor that, apparently, only he can see – a familiar, sprite-like merfolk calling themselves ‘B’. On behalf of Selune, B has come to meet our sweet, little owlboy, and wanted to try and make his time here more comfortable. And so, in exchange for promising to keep an eye on his friends, Po is granted the ability to swim and breathe underwater – freeing him to enjoy his meals unabated. Kaladin doth protest against making dark, underwater bargains, but Po was too busy throwing back the shoup.

After departing the Frostmount, the party is quick to reunite and find Mari, Maurice, and Laka inside the Sea Sage’s temple. Here, a contentious discussion breaks out as the party grapples with what to actually do with all these draconic deities that you’ve begun to find them. Will you actually hand them over to Talbot? Will you release them from the eggs? Will you use the key to do it? What will they be after they hatch? Why won’t anyone talk Maurice? These questions are posed but no consensus is reached, and so, they’re tabled for later as more immediate concerns compel you to action.

With a more benevolent use of the fish polymorph, Daddy’s Little Smugglers sneak Laka out of the temple, have Ben talk your way out of the kingdom, and blast over to the ruins of the abandoned chapel to have the three, remaining goldscales complete their draconic circuit. However, this power proves itself overwhelming, consuming Laka and very nearly Ben and Sulu who absorb her scales into their own.

Inside a watery demi-plane, the surviving pair meet a horrific, nameless, abomination – saying they were tricked into using the prime relics on the draconic deity, Halcyon. However, while this nameless being has done well to hide the fruit of their sins, Ben and Sulu’s coming here has awakened them, and thus ended the ancient, dream-like ritual that kept it sequestered. If they are to claim Halcyon and this demi-plane for themselves, they must come and take before something else does.
