---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #87 - Bloodletting"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, two of Eldath’s chosen finally have their meeting. While Silva seems to appreciate his role as Eldath’s ‘light touch’ on Edena, Kaladin has, understandably, lost his appetite for generous reads. Silva ends your discussion by saying Eldath is concerned about the boy turned ascendant, but the two agree to disagree.

Next, Mari and Yuka head down to the Grimguard to check in on Huckleberry. Mari leaps into the Ethereal Plane and finds a dark creature wrapping their friend’s soul into a cocoon. They are a Hand of Mystra, a being in service to their yet-to-be named ‘mistresses’ who tend to the Weave and Interplanar integrity. They are here to investigate the echoes of a ‘cataclysmic’ irregularity, which Huck, and Mari, carry the scent of. In exchange for sparing Huckleberry’s soul, Mari agrees to take this creature’s place after the both of them die – noting that saving their friend is not a hope, but an inevitability.

Kaladin finds Gale buried in the swamp, and asks her to help Huckleberry once your team has what they need. She does not require much coaxing, as she, too, wants to help her savior in whatever way she can – though she does make a play for Kaladin’s trust and hopes the pair can be more honest with one another.

Sulu and Kiwi learn that an agreement has been reached to send oceanic druids to assist with Edena’s unstable weather, while sentinels and some of Waterdeep warriors will be sent to Hyldor to aid against primordials.

Convening on the team house, Ben sets up your brand new microscryer, as Yuka gets stab-happy with his friends – earning himself a startlingly potent punch from Po. Here in the microscryic realm we see Daddy’s Little Dividers as Adams, Mystroms, and whatever weird shit Kaladin is made of. Mari learns that ascendance may actually be a viable cure for their shell sickness, and confirms Veera does have that good, good god juice flowing through her veins.
