---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #75 - I was serious about the cloud giants"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, we leave Benjamin Newgate behind and follow Buell, the tortle Dockmaster, who takes you on a ride to the bottom of the Cyanic Sea. Here, he gives you a cursory tour of the lower terran residencies and offers you free accommodations should you need them. Veera wisely inquires about waterbreathing aid, and Buell laments his entire stock has been purchased by a particularly cautious tabaxi – who Sulu recognizes as his foreign exchange pen pal, Whiskers.

As you depart the tower, Sulu shows how Tritons and Merfolk use jellyfish to navigate the darkness. This immediately triggers Po’s predator response and the fervored gluttony begins, thankfully not ending in a premature poisoning. While sulu takes you to the nearest current – Kaladin once again suffers the consequences of caring about animals, falling victim to a cloud giant’s illusory hook which immediately sends him Skyward. Mari and Po see to his rescue in a 007, yakety sax crossover that, also thankfully, didn’t end the mission early

Meanwhile, the others arrive at their destination, an underwater farm filled with rows of coral and fields full of seacows. A merfolk farmer, Dar’yl, initially paints you as bandits, but is quick to show his true colors after learning you’re friends of Maurice. While his wife offers you some aquatic, country cuisine – Dar’yl explains how one of these bandits, the notorious Pete Ranha, broke into his house and stole his championship mantis mitts, carving his name into the walls. Yuka accepts this blood bounty in agreement for welcoming one of the family’s Seacows into the Frostmount.

In Maurice’s room, you talk about bandits, leviathan, and this note you lifted off of Benjamin Newgate. Scout Finklebrime notes how the location of this alleged ‘festival’, is at an abandoned chapel that doesn’t even receive patrol, and would not be an unlikely place to find Pete Rhana and his ill-gotten goods. And so, you send Maurice off with Sally to alert the Sea Sages while Daddy’s Little Bounty hunters lock and load.
