---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #86 - Poly’s Puzzle Box"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our last session takes us to the Debriefment Council, where Team 287 expands on their world-altering mission to Hyldor. Eager to get on to more present concerns, Councilor Shortfang pulls Kaladin in for a private inquisition, where he is asked about dragons, the grove, and if he who he says he is. With their own version of the message switchboard, the councilors mentally discuss his testimony, curiously opting to end the discussion despite some rather alarming revelations.

The rest of Daddy’s Little Debriefers are welcomed in, where you detail a successful mission to find and eliminate Cheandra Altair. Sulu reveals the existence of Primordials, and Umberlee’s apparent masquerade as the Leviathan. He laments the loss of many Vanguard and what this could mean for the rest of Edena if the Primordial incursions are not quelled. Meanwhile, Councilor Brightwing connects the goddess of water’s passing to a string of alarmingly immediate weather shifts – prompting her to send word for the High Circle. A mixture of bureaucracy, active climate change, and name dropping Benjamin Newgate seems to have delayed further inquiry into Waterdeep.. For now.

There is mention of what your next mission could be – an exploration of the once lost village of Phandelin – where the Boondiggle Boys alleged Po’s mother was headed after he was egg-napped. While vines and anima crystal once sealed this settlement away, an inexplicable freeze has created cracks that may finally allow entry.. If you dare. Your party agrees to think on it, citing that you need some down time before your next job.

And finally, while exploring the Burrow, your party notices some curiously verdant animals. A flowery owl and a possum made of dandelions are seen collecting sticks before flying away with the goods.
