---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #84 - Consequences"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last sessions, you’re propelled forward by your mythical encounter in the Plane of Water. Here, you lay out considerations as your party rounds out your collection of the six, draconic spirits. A notable opposition in favor of keeping the dragons from Talbot arises within the group – prompting Mari to flip through their eldritch phonebook and call up the big man himself.

However, upon their arrival, a perplexing scene is revealed. The Ascendant Grove and its inhabitants have been moved –  which now accompany Talbot adrift in the Astral Plane. The body of Talbot’s mother floats limply, her soul not with her – while Talbot’s ascended father has curiously lost his capacity for speech.

When Mari inquires, Talbot drills his former ally on who amongst you would have spilled his secret. An unexpected visitor had found their way into the grove, who, along with Huckleberry and the Enblightened Beasts that found them – have all gone missing. He laments the short-lived nature of your alliance, though Team 287 has at least shown his map to be accurate thus far.

Doth Talbot renews his mission to eliminate all gods, ascend everything in the Sphere, and conscript his remaining family until their penance for the cataclysm has been paid. With a stern farewell, the man cursed by fate says you may reunited again – if the uncertain appetite of time allows it.

Upon Mari’s return to the Waveripper, Kiwi’s quick instincts help you narrowly avoid a bolt of lightning, presumed to be the dying breath of the Bitch Queen herself. With her passing, so, too, does the rain stop, and those afflicted by her curses are now no longer.

As you touch down at base, Kaladin B-lines for the marshes and finds Willow & Vine standing over a hole in the earth. Here lies Gale, who leaps from her dirtbed to berate Kaladin (both verbally and physically) for what she found in the Undermountain. However, with the Ascendant Grove gone, it will take your team’s testimony to corroborate what she did.. Or didn’t see..
