---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #73 - A Shark Bit my Arse"
categories: session-recaps
---

We kick off our last session aboard the Emerald Opossum, which is your team’s final ticket into the Cyanic Sea. Here, sulu reads aloud a letter he had received from Howie Sturgel, one of the five Sea Sages.

Howie makes mention of an ‘ancient sin’ and how, by no fault of his own, Sulu had inherited a mark from this mysterious event. He learns that there are others, and that managing ‘your kind’ is one of the many responsibilities of the Sea Sages, and that your exile was not done out of hatred, but protection.

You also have a brief, yet flavorful interaction with Captain Marcille, a wereshark who may or may not have eaten his girlfriend. He shares his newfound love for his lycan-life, and gives Po some reading material on Selune, the goddess of the moon who is favored by were-creatures. The captain shows a different admiration for Umberlee, however, observing the ‘Bitch Queen’ as someone to be feared and revered in equal measure.

As you arrive at the Cyanic sea, Sulu notices red algae dotting the waters – a method tritons use to warn sailors of the ocean’s many perils. After Veera gets a headcount on a potential mutiny, Po is able to help bring some sense into the arrogant captain. Thanks to this, you narrowly avoid a run-in with a primordial, Sulu assumes, as well as the enormous Leviathan you saw breech over the waves.

On the beach you spot the fresh remains of a colossal creature, taking it upon yourselves to investigate. Upon arrival, Veera probes the dead creature’s mind and witnesses its final moments as it passes through a rift and hides in wait. It bites down on a seafolk fleeing pursuit, but soon feels an explosion in its stomach.

With a surprising and appreciated eagerness, Daddy’s Little Delvers plunge into this colossal creature’s stomach, where they find a pond of glowing stomach acid and the remains of a half-digested water genasi. Mari flays this seafolk’s golden scales, though their retrieval would illicit a rather.. Explosive.. Response from our sunken sorcerer.
