---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #70 - Home Again"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, Huckleberry ascends his father – and though he is, initially confused, Po and the party do well to calm him down and allow Huckleberry to explain. Yuka is asked to part with one of his many, stolen briefcases – and in his endless generosity he gives Huckleberry two. Your masked friend says he will stay to complete the work of collecting the horrors, but also to help his family flee if your plan falls through. With a tearful goodbye, he stays and you go.

As you rise through the giant hole you run across Crystal Maddox – reconvening to go over what you’ve found. Based on what you’ve already told him, Maddox warns you that the debriefment council may, in fact, eviscerate you, but if you land it well your time in Waterdeep may one day fill every tavern and longhaul in High Forest. We also learn a little history on why Maddox might hate wildfire druids.

You are led out of the Undermountain, given a Sentinel Seal, and depart Waterdeep to return to base. Over the weeks-long adventure back home, Daddy’s Little Conspirers decide what will and will not be told to the council – arriving at a bulleted list you pray you can all adhere to. Not written down, of course, rule #1 of conspiracies is to leave no paper trail.

Upon your arrival in High Forest you catch up with Podrick who relays his updates on Cretia. Then there is Sarah, who appears to be an extremely capable asset for Kiwi and Yuka – and they leave knowing they may have created a political monster. Po, on the other hand, runs to his father and asks him if he thinks its morally objectionable to kill a god. Sidestepping that and reaching out on behalf of his god, Po’s green dad asks if Kaladin is doing well – and lets him know Eldath is worried about him.

We close on the reunion of Gale and Kaladin, who share where their lives have taken them. Our dryagon laments his cruel fate, and Gale reveals she misses her dad – her blonde haired, green eyed, toe-cuttin dad. While they both agree that life is strange – it’s also understood to be better with the other in it. And we end with a smooch.
