---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #88 - The End and the Beginning"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our last session begins with the end – to Veera and Vespa’s immediacy as they navigate a world on the brink of change. In preparation for her mother’s return, Vespa will be sequestering herself – both to keep her curse contained and to save Arcan from giving his life for hers. However, Vespa has one silver lining she has hidden within her sudden departure, and wants to speak with Team 287 before Ala’s revival.

On your way to investigate the dragon skeleton lying at your base, you are stopped by your rambunctious neighbor, Snarf – a sassy, goblin child who has lost his favorite stick. Your DM suspected there would be a sweeping disinterest in following a hedgehog underground – but if there was ever a character who had a reliable appetite for seemingly irrelevant plot hooks – it’s Po. Goddamnit it’s Po.

Arriving at Drakkenrest, Veera migraines her way through an ancient dragon’s past. First, as a fearsome tyrant slain by her narzugon predecessor – and then as one of Talbot’s draconic experiments as he attempts to unravel Enthalpy’s foreboding riddles. Meanwhile, Po canvasses the area, speaking with perps both helpful (and otherwise) to solve the case of Snarf’s Stolen Stick. A reborn Hedgehog named Lavender tells you this particular stick was used in building ‘the bigfolk’, a receptacle that will save the soul of a mortal who is soon expected to die.

Our iconic duo delves beneath the dirt, where they meet a gaggle of similarly verdant beasts made of sticks and soil. They work in service to an enigmatic being they call ‘The Stone’, which has saved them and countless others that have died at base. Lavender brings Po and Kaladin along to meet this Stone. But upon arriving, however, our duo finds the Stone to be curiously egg shaped, and held covetously on an altar made of grey vines.
