---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #79 - Dragon Whispers"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our last session begins in the throes of Veera’s vision – once a stolen memory from Queen Cheandra, now the stage for Umberlee to confront the ‘skinwalking deviant’ who keeps meddling in her affairs. Perhaps to veera’s surprise, ‘The Bitch Queen’ seems more inclined to talk than torture. You talk of Cheandra, Tiamat, your mutual disdain for Eldath, as well as ichor and what it does to those imbued with irradiance – which Veera paints a rather violent picture of.

Umberlee asserts that her domain, the Plane of Water, has had all of its life consumed by Primordials while she strains to keep them at bay. What’s more, she has not once been allowed to rise into Godsrealm with the other deities, citing her initial feud with Eldath as the impetus for her exile and proof of Eldath’s tyrannical nature. However, if she can just find the ‘prize’ hidden in her domain (and, perhaps, others Cheandra alluded to), she might once again be whole or even rise to heights beyond Eldath; and more efficiently defend Edena from Primordials – or so she says. With the simple ask of ‘don’t get in my way’’ Umberlee shoves her finger through Veera’s chest and shunts her soul back to the party with a new, hallucinatory ailment for her troubles.

Talking with the Sea Sages, Daddy’s Little Diviners shares this information and the general consensus is to take the goldscales and find Halcyon before Umberlee does. (If I’m wrong on that, please be sure to correct me in the chat)

Mari, Yuka, Veera, and Sulu sample the local cuisine and discuss your party’s next steps. Sulu pulls out the draconic scepter Talbot had given you and Mari confirms some of its functions, such as guiding you towards the draconic spirits and expelling potent cones of dragonbreath. Sulu audits his goldscale visions, citing an underwater tree, a giant egg, amd a fierce looking eye. Hearing this, Yuka finally admits that he has a giant egg waiting in the Frostmount and everyone, save for Mari, goes with him to investigate. At the top of the mountain you each take turns touching the egg – where Veera gets mindblasted with visions of her past lives, Sulu explodes again, and Yuke and Ryuuko get sucked into a crack in the egg.

Here, Yuka finds a lush demi-plane filled with mountains and music alike, as well as the frollicking spirits of his wildfire predecessors. They introduce him to the Northern Wildfire, who, within the confines of this egg, is known more specifically as Ryu, the draconic deity of fun; the son of Kereska, and the cousin of Halcyon – the draconic spirit you are currently looking for.
