---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #81 - The Next Generation of Star Jockeys"
categories: session-recaps
---

Ben and Sulu emerge from their seance with the ancient triton, who, after having been stirred awake by their arrival, has appeared somewhere in the Plane of Water along with the tree, the egg, and, presumably, Halcyon inside. Within mere moments, a primordial breaches into the waters over Hyldor, compelling the party to make use of the opportunity created by the Vanguard’s noble sacrifices. And so, after a brief, crash course in interplanar calibration, Daddy’s Little Star Jockeys unpocket their trailblazers and go beyond the breach.

Your first moments inside the portal have you careening through an astral battleground, dodging the earth-shattering crossfire of gods while our fastidious spellcasters shepard Ben’s engine (do not call it the Bengine). Burning enough inspiration to build a bonfire, your calibration is successful and the ship just barely comes out whole. Ben parks the battered waveripper inside the tree’s roots and delves below – where Nerissa, the Marid noble you once freed, is seen beating down on the ancient triton at the forceful behest of her queen.

Team 287 begins their counter-assault on this wave of enemy waves, delivering their triton payload on the back of Veera’s temperamental, missile mount, Powder. As Umberlee announces that she has already cursed two among your number, Po succumbs to his dark bargain and begins to see everyone around him as delicious treats. And so, seeming to prefer mousse of the whipped variety, Po does what he apparently always does when he sees delicious food – and beats the ever-loving shit out of it. Meanwhile, Yuka pleads for help as his teammate turned wereshark assaults him.

As Kiwi atomizes Nerissa and Kaladin eats his refreshing, magic water – you finish off the horde and ensure Ben and Sulu’s escape through the barrier beneath the tree. While they confront what lies beyond, the party waits patiently beneath the roots, praying that the whirlpool of clashing gods can give them just a moment to breath. This respite does not last long, however, as Umberlee resurrects and inadvertently ascends her most desperate and fickle follower – leading to your third encounter with Cheandra Altair.
