---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #72 - Eat shit, Vernon"
categories: session-recaps
---

Housekeeping Note: Tell players to use their crusty, old inspiration otherwise I can’t reward them for the cool shit they do or the funny things they say.

In our last session, the party is invited to speak with Woodland Corps. leadership to discuss what will happen next. While some of you believe this will be your last meeting at the woodland corps. – you are quite surprised to find you are instead being promoted! Well, most of you, anyway. Arcan harkens back to a previous meeting where Scout Tonraq used the opportunity to try and sell the commander on a ‘ferris wheel’ – something Crystal Maddox ardently grilled his cheese over. And just like this completely theoretical piece of equipment – it seems what goes around does, in fact, come around.

After convincing the leadership that your pursuit of Talbot & Queen Cheandra would take you to the Plane of Water – Arcan sends word to the Rune Fields to prepare a special, underwater training session for your team. Upon your arrival, you are surprised to see your work in Waterdeep has earned you a swift and polarizing reputation amongst your peers. While most seem to be there as curious fans, as with anything, there were a few little whiny baby boys as well.

Vernon Craw, a yuan-ti who is one step away from becoming a Sentinel, throws the field manual in your face – which may be the first time any of you have ever bothered to look at it. Vernon attributes most of your success to Crystal Maddox and, like the annoying kid down the street, totally bets you couldn’t do it again, for reals. With your paychecks on the line, Daddy’s little Double Dog Darers step into the Rune Fields and get. It. done. What transpires over the brief, underwater bout, is nothing short of efficient, flashy, and (more notably) ‘statistically unlikely’. 13, count em 13 crits on Thealzia’s dead husband and his sizeable enclave of sea monsters.

Having thoroughly earned the crowd’s favor (and Vernon’s paycheck), Yuka, quite gently, heals the fallen sentinel in a thoughtful display of kindness and honor. You emerge from the waters victorious  and with 2-8-7, 2-8-7 being bellowed from the crowd.
