---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #85 - Draconic Debrief"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our last session takes us to the unhallowed halls of Grimguard, as Veera and Mari follow up on what they’d heard of Gale and Huckleberry. Upon their arrival, however, they find the news they received was cruelly optimistic, learning Huckleberry had paid the ultimate price for Gale’s curiosity. Vespa is initially despondent, but Veera and Mari’s knowledge of ichor, irradiance, and ascendance spurs new hope within the Grimguard Commander – doubly so, having been given her mother’s soul engine. Also, your totally real and human DM proves he knows where kisses go.

The party reconvenes in the Burrow, running into Po’s father who learns where all his animals went. Yuka offers a peek into the Frostmount, where Mr. Silva sees frostfolk igniting the fledgling embers of society. The group then flies up to speak with Ryu, and, miraculously, Sulu does not blow up when touching the egg, and is even able to follow Yuka inside. Here, the pair of draconic disciples share news both good and bad – of Halcyon’s survival and Umberlee… Umberlee. Upon their return to the Frostmount, they find the Kingdom of Scale has emerged, raising such questions as: ‘Why?’ And also vacation tax codes.

With another Frostmount fever dream behind us, Daddy’s Little Debriefers wake up to play another game of ‘Yippy Skippy no Narc” – where lines are drawn and stories get straightened out. On your way to the council you run into the adorable aberration, Poly Morphis, who is delighted to once more be saved by her saviors. She is accosted by the despicably lawful, Vernon Craw, who bemoans our crumbling sssociety, and his renewed suspicions of your party. Through a combination of whatabouts and big ole bears, the party gives Forccuna the lay-up to chase the bully away.

You agree to meet up later where a custom made puzzle box may or may not be waiting to be explored.
