---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #82 - Queens Come Falling Down"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our last session begins in the demi-planar Kingdom of Scale, where Halcyon seems reluctant to let his new friends go so soon. On their way down to the docks, Ben and Sulu workshop how they might summon Halcyon’s power – settling on the idea to jam a certain spell into the waveripper’s propulsion. And so, they return to the docks, where Halcyon asks the pair to tell his deific siblings where he is – Ryu, preferably. Sulu surprises the golden dragon when he says he and Ryu are, in fact, quite tight, glossing over the part where he lives in an egg inside his friend’s dreams.

Returning to the battlefield, the party watches as Ben and Sulu become one with Halcyon’s domain. Cheandra taunts the party about her being the main character, while you all dictatiously retort with, “nuh uh.” Meanwhile, Umberlee attempts to fend off the waves of primordials who, no longer having a hidden egg to find, choose to go for the next, biggest meal around.

As your third fight with Mari’s mom rages on, her slow evolution into a whole ass dragon has her draining you of your vitality and coughing it back up as radiant, dragon breath. She even manages to pluck at Umberlee’s curse, which had both Veera and Po trying to kick and eay Kaladin’s ass – and no, I don’t mean eat his ass in a literal sense, more in a general, you look like a pile of jerky and I wouldn’t want to waste any sort of way. Moving on, Daddy’s little Destroyers lay on the hurt – Po clonking, Kiwi cutting, and Sulu trying to unweave her molecules at the adamic level. Cheandra tries healing herself by eating the energy of nearby, dying primordials – but even that isn’t enough to stop her from her third, and hopefully final defeat.

Mari jumps into the Waveripper, doing donuts around the battlefield to catch friends chillin in the front seat, and kickin in the backseat. Sulu and Ben load into the propulsion, where they use their newfound powers to turn the ship into a kick-ass dragon and sail out of the Plane of Water. Looking back, Umberlee meets an uncertain fate as she is overwhelmed by the primordial horde.
