---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #74 - Giants in the Clouds"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our last session kicks off with a perilous predicament – the leviathan you all find yourselves in lurches into the sand as an enormous portal opens beneath it. Immediately, Kaladin and Sulu slip into the stomach acid and begin dissolving, but some quick thinking from Kiwi and Mari sets off a chain reaction of healing. As you each fly out of the creature’s maw and through an ethereal sea, you see cosmic visions of stars, colors, and shapes beyond.

You may your way back to the Emerald Opossum and have Captain Marcille sail double time towards your destination. Veera reveals a half dissolved letter she found on the beach, making mention of an invitation, a festival, and accomplishments – but little else is discerned. On your way out into the Cyanic Sea, some of you spot miles long chains hanging from the clouds, Sulu revealing these to be cloud and storm giants fishing for whales, giant squid, and other large sea creatures.

At last arriving at your destination, you come upon a rocky, coral outcropping miles from the coast – Persana’s Reach. Here, an oasis-like, nautical nexus allows for ships of all shape and number to come find a bit of reprieve – be they coming up, going down, or just visiting. However, aside from a curious, winged vessel floating in the sky there does not appear to be any other guests.

You are approached by a colorful tortle with an equally vibrant accent. Buell, the Dockmaster, has seen to this tower for nearly 3 centuries and laments its disuse in recent decades. He welcomes Sulu back from his time at ‘surface school’ and is eager to provide you all with an abundance of hospitality.

As you step inside, you meet an eccentric inventor by the name of Benjamin Newgate – an artist/inventor of some renown. Like Sulu, he, too, is a triton – but also like Sulu he is covered in patches of golden scales. Though much older than Sulu, Newgate reveals he has lived away from Hyldor his entire life. Benjamin reveals he has been invited to a very exclusive festival, one celebrating the achievements of seafolk living abroad.

Sensing some unsettling machinations at work, the party implores Mr. Newgate to not attend this gathering, or, at the very least, stay at the tower until the event has passed. Reluctantly, he agrees, though his misgivings about water may have also lent a helping hand.
