---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #100 - Skyward Bound"
categories: session-recaps
---

Our last session begins with a brief service for Bob’s fallen friends as well as the legless and recently-decommissioned Trigunner. However, upon learning that diamonds were its ammunition, the party is quick to re-commission its addition to the Spelljammer (that sentence felt like a stroke). In your ensuing discussions with Judah Carbine, it is revealed that Doth Talbot will soon arrive in the Beastlands and presumably make his play for the draconic spirit believed to be hidden there. 

With a piping-hot fire lit beneath Daddy’s Little Derriers, Team 287 B-lines for the pretty, yet pretentious Skylord Pavo. Here, you are granted insights into the dangerous and diverse ecosystems of the Three Kingdoms – with a large X painted on the malevolent monkey, Malar, who is said to have beset Vicarion with his colossal and corrupting relic. You are also warned of the Wandering Moon, said to be the other half of yours which arrived during the events of the Entropic Cataclysm. Within it are four ‘Wills’, all of which have begun to warp this plane of boundless wilderness into something quite unrecognizable.

As our session closes, Kaladin reveals he will be returning to Edena – choosing to live a life with Gale over one dictated by the influence of gods. Some seem sad, others disappointed, though all try to accept his choice (or internalize their seething hatred, at least). Mari seeks out the new owner of their contract – meeting the Edenic deity of Magic, Maija, who is quick to admire the sort of creature they have become. With absolutely nothing asked of them, they are left to do as they will as Maija watches over the souls of Nora and Huckleberry.
