---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #101 - The Monkey Breaks the Bird"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, the party ponies up and gives an emotionally appropriate farewell to their departing friend. Leaving with trinkets, well wishes, and promises of seeing each other again, Kaladin waves goodbye as Daddy’s Little Departers sail towards adventure and a planet in peril.

During your astral voyage, many of the metallic members of your group get to work on integrating Bob’s Trigunner, closely supervised by Veera’s eyes (including her secret, OSHA-compliant third eye). In the background, PC turned MC Sulu mixes and mingles his socially-awkward crewmates, which curiously manifests in Kiwi drinking 3 entire magical liquids.

Flying through space, you spot a luminous figure sitting atop the moon, later identified as the Will of Song (or Apollo) who pauses her ethereal melody to don a different visage and lay waste to the land below. You then arrive upon a weak and withered Vicarion, wisely destroying his colossal relic before giving him aid. The prodigal bird is excited to reveal a ceremony being held in his honor, which, after careful insight from the group, seems more like a bloody jubilee. After tricking the 4-story 4 year old into bringing snacks for his own surprise party, you have Benjamin B-line for the darker half of this bizarre world - Karasuthra.

A mid-storm, midair dive sees the arrival of 6 adventurers and two, flash-fried cats. Here, Malar’s malevolent schemes for Vicarion are revealed through visceral scrawlings – as well as the warnings of a shadowy ally.

