---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #90 - Taking the Fall"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, the party welcomes into the world a bouncing, baby orc – Po, v2, who’s greener, meaner, and not wearing pants. Back from certain annihilation, Po has manifested a familial resemblance to his adoptive father, which, as we later learn, fills Mr. Silva with some complicated and drinky feelings.

Elsewhere in the cavern, Kaladin has followed in the footsteps of his fellow ascendant, Cheandra Altair – by consuming the radiant outflow of gods (though with less intention). Inside the egg, you meet the adorably senile, Ilzrydan, once the mighty draconic deity of hope, now a fraction of a fraction of his former self. Perhaps the last of his kind to befall this fate, Ilzrydan has spent untold millenia luring his ‘dark passenger’ away from mortal souls by offering himself instead. Upon slaying the primordial, however, it seems this wealth of deific spirit has mistaken Kaladin for its home, making him the group’s third entry in the ‘How to Claim Your Dragon’ franchise.

At Grimguard, you walk-in on a shouting match between the Volarius siblings, wielding varying degrees of confidence in Vespa’s final scheme. Hopeful to make the most out of her forced quarantine, the former commander poses herself as a grand, malevolent machinator – and you, her unwitting tools of revenge against Doth Talbot. With her confession already in the hands of the Council, you are offered a blank slate (sort of), acknowledging some of your deceptions while largely ignoring responsibility. Meanwhile, it seems the returned commander, Ala Voralius, retained much of what she heard in her interplanar, magic carpet ride, and is eager to talk to you about the softly referenced ‘Fourth Sister’.
