---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #105 - Teggun Tyson"
categories: session-recaps
artist: alice_smith
---

In our last session, Judah Carbine divvies out Honey Run Junction as he sets off to aid your party – While Yuka entertains Tonrar’s request to spend his final days exploring the Frostmount.

Here, much has changed inside the frozen society – with many of its denizens having taken to crafting magical instruments. What's more, an enclave of uninvited guests have made their way from Krigala. It seems a mysterious long hall has now formed, that opens a door to the planes that Yuka visits, bringing with it beasts, faefolk, and the prospect of trade. 

As Daddy’s Little Divers plunge once more into the Three Kingdoms, they descend upon a lone and ancient island. Combing over ‘the Shrine of the Maker’, you are unable to find hide nor hair of any living inhabitants, save for a single, aarokokra woman. As Po’s efforts to find his mom are finally realized, Teggun Tyson has this to say: 

She is but a simple mother, of which many take issue. Like most families, her children fight, but she is patient. She thought she had long accounted for all her children, but is thrilled to know that she had yet another out in the world – and one that is more reasonably sized.

As Yuka thwarts a surprise attack from one of Talbot’s puppets, Po is given the opportunity to meet his final ‘sibling’. Rising from the earth with a crimson egg in its heart, the Spirit of the Ova Mundis casts a large shadow over the party. As Po and Teggun embrace one another somewhere deep inside, the name of this apec-hunting, force of nature becomes known  – Tarrasque. 
