---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #96 - Honey Run Junction"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, the party absconds Benjamin and the spelljammer so as to raw dog interplanar travel with their flesh and blood bodies. While some come remarkably close to losing toes and fingers – everyone is more or less whole by the end, save for some minor changes.

Upon your arrival in Arborea, Rishmod shares with you the plights of his plane, including an avian tyrant, a stolen egg, a wandering moon, and ancient, consuming evils known as ‘Apecs’ – all converging to change The Beastlands forever. However, Rishmod insists you consult the exiled Sky Lords said to live somewhere in this verdant plane, so as to grant you a more strategic view of all that plagues them.

Setting off in your search for civilization, the party finds a curious gathering of sentient trees who seek aid for their fallen friend, as well as water for the town across the sands. Not long into guiding them, you cross paths with yet another pair of strangers, Rocky Roads and Bob-5, who are thankful for your help. Rocky professes their incredible joy in encountering other Star Jockeys, and eagerly reveals your trailblazers other functions as locators, translators, and communicators.

The pair agree to take you to Honey Run Junction – set into the foot of the Amber Dam – where Madame Melifera will most certainly want to thank you herself. Additionally, Rocky thinks you are just the posse that might finally get the town’s bounty hunter off his ass and after the dangers lurking in the desert.
