---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #95 - Meat Lovers"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, the party squares up with the Nothic Behemoth that has enslaved the citizens of Phandalin. This intrusive aberration peers into the party’s minds, uncovering Po’s origins as Teggun’s lost child, but fails to manifest any sympathy from the party. During your brief encounter, Veera swaps with Sulu and gets swallowed; Kiwi cuts somewhere between 10 and 15 times, Mari stealths into non-existence, Kaladin becomes a double bear, and Po rearranges the nothic’s guts (not sexual).

And finally, after being denied a swift escape through the portal, the nothic is decapitated as Yuka quells the inter-planar magics fueling the gateway. As Veera peers into the past (offloading several migraines into Sulu’s noodle), she sees the slaughter of Teggun’s party at the hands of the green dragon who once lived here, as well as its attempt on the lives of Teggun and her own, blood thirsty child. However, a towering entity rises from the stone and soil, protecting Teggun and terrifying the dragon into exile. And finally, we see Teggun and her monstrous brood pulled into the portal and towards uncertain lands.

You share your parting words with Carp, who agrees to attribute all of your hard-fought and bloody victories to secretary-turned-denmaster, Sarah Bronzetail. You return outside to the giant snake, named Rishmod, and free him from under the fallen branch. During a brief discussion with Yuka, Rishmod agrees to help you get your bearings in the Beastlands, and even contemplates moving his family into the Frostmount so long as it is free of the terrors of his homeland.
