---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #99 - Full Metal Merc"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, the party sets out to rid the last of Honey Run’s troubles – which, unfortunately, are much more cataclysmic than that sentence implies. As you cross paths with the tapir-esque Oasis Apec, it hisses at you for destroying its relic and forcing it to confront you directly. The stony exterior crumbles away, revealing a second void hidden inside – making this the first primordial union the party has encountered. 

Learning from their previous, primordial brawl – the party keeps their distance and relies on Bob’s vengefully crafted Gun Mech. Though it got dicey, Daddy’s Little Defeaters win the day, and return to the still-smoking worm to sort out their odds and ends. Here, Rip cautiously admires Veera’s Narzugon form, noting her undeniable value in a war to eradicate demons. He also mentions that all of the remaining Archangels have left Mount Celestia and allied themselves with the Archdevil Asmodeus – likely to aid in the inception of this new Narzugon legion. 

To round out the evening, Judah throws a soul engine head to sand, asking why this dark entity would have asked him to kill Team 287 on sight. Your party speaks to their prominent rise in the stakes of the Sphere, and Judah similarly reveals himself as Eldath’s disassembly of Helm – becoming a celestial bounty hunter wielding the divine weapon Deicide, which had hidden itself as the platinum pegasus, Pretty Dee.

Having proven to Vicarion that Po and his allies do, in fact, wield primordial-pummeling power – the colossal birddrake nods in approval, granting you access to the skies.
