---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #97 - Strawberry Affogato"
categories: session-recaps
image: "assets/images/session-recaps/2025-05-21-Session-97.webp"
artist: alice_smith
---

In our last session, the party answers the alarm bells of Honey Run Junction, both to save Benjamin, as well as the denizens of this dusty, socialist outpost. Po saddles the steaming skillet and prepares a dazzling, Rattlewurm entree (with spiders as garnish) which did much to placate his (alleged) younger brother’s tantrum. In your first encounter with the 100-tonne toddler, you learn of Vicarion’s troubled life, caused as much by the incredible power he has inherited as it has by the primordial-craving relic he has been given. Now, with no family who will take him, he has turned to the questionable influence of ‘Malar’, the mysterious figure who rules over the dark forests of Karasuthra.

Despite Po’s insistence that he is the mighty beastdrake’s brother, Vicarion declares any brother of his would have the power to defeat an Apec, and so you make the tenuous agreement to hunt such a creature. As the firehawk goes to leave, he recognizes both he and Kiwi have powerful swords, and proposes the two of them become rivals.

During a brief meandering around town, your team finds themselves in Driftwood, the avian district – home to the birdfolk seeking refuge from Vicarion. You cross paths with your first Beast Lord, a Sky Lord to be specific, who is almost brought to tears when she sees how many of you have achieved edenic mortality. 

And finally, Daddy’s Little Dusters join the rest of Honey Run Junction at the Rattle Pitt, where you meet a colorful cast of other offworlders who have settled up in the Arborean town. And it is here you connect with the towering, metal mercenary, Judah Carbine, who invites your highly capable group to help him tango with the dangers of the desert. 
