---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #91 - Scouts to Rangers"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, the party steals themselves as they move to confront the debriefment council. Your battle beneath the base has prompted extraordinary measures, including mass-evacuations making room for agents to comb through the caverns in search of other primordials. Upon arriving at the council, however, you find the door is being guarded by the Corps.’ most law-abiding bastard, Vernon Craw, who shares too much about himself by daring to share anything at all. He was even tending to Po’s drunk and distraught father – but no, no, I see your point – fuck that guy.

Busting down the door, the party wastes no time in tearing up Vespa’s confession and telling it like it is. Like a burp you’ve been holding in too long, the truth just comes pouring out, unafraid of who winces at your raw honesty, and not apologizing to those with tears in their eyes. Each new admission is like a punch in Thealzia’s small, scaly gut – however, the councilors do seem open to reason, as your innumerable sacrifices reveal your commitment to the greater good - Ala’s revival swatting away any dissenting voices and cementing your legacy.

In Ala’s private quarters, Daddy’s Little Deliberators work to sequester your Sphere’s most dangerous secret – fearing that knowledge of Tiamat will lead to the same malevolent ambitions that Cheandra once had. And so, agreeing to keep this circle closed, the scouts of Team 287 rise to the rank of rangers, while Veera is given both the autonomy, authority, and burden of a Sentinel.

And lastly, Eldath makes another attempt on Kaladin’s life with a Power Word Kill, exhausting her connection to Mr. Silva. Kaladin does die, but is revived before it is too late. The party rushes into the Spelljammer and speeds away from the danger they know in favor of the one they dont.
