---
layout: post-enhanced
title: "Session #93 - Phandelving"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, the Boondiggle Boys lay the groundwork for a dead-on-arrival PR campaign – doing sparingly little to alter the crew’s attitudes towards the trio’s many misdeeds. Hizfitz does his best to offer what details he can, but Po’s patience for excuses wears thin.

Upon arriving at what is alleged to be Phandalin, you see that it has been overtaken by colossal vines and wintery mists. During Ben’s precarious descent you take notice of a frantic pursuit – a pack of Displacer Beasts chasing terrified faefolk. Enthralled by clouds of insect-like aberrations, these prisoners carefully observe your team with their master’s weird insights, looking past Yuka’s kaleidoscopic, feverish ferris dreams to see he is the exact sort of spellcaster it needs.

After scaring off the beasts and debugging the faefolk, you find they have each taken on various, beastial qualities – a consequence of Phandalin’s interplanar repositioning. Carp Alderleaf, one of these previously imprisoned villagers, weaves a wild and incoherent tale of the intersecting horrors which befell his home, uttering its perpetrator’s name with venomous disdain - Teggun Tyson. However, if he is to free his home and its remaining survivors, Carp will need the brawn of Team 287 to descend into the mines and put down its flesh-craved warden, The Nothic.

While Daddy’s Little Detectives begin to uncover the particulars of what happened here, only one thing is clear: Po is tired of being told about his family and is determined to see for himself.
