---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #92 - No room for the Wheek"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, the party sets off to investigate the recently uncovered settlement of Phandalin, which also happens to be the last known sighting of Po’s mother – an Aarokokra named Teggun. In your exploration of the ship you find many odds and curios that Benjamin has built just for you – including a crows nest, a study, and even an attunable workshop for the only other crewmate who is allowed to fly the Spelljammer. Yukas hair returns with a striking resemblance to his mentor’s ivory mane, and Kaladin contends with his new and gnarly, glowing scar.

Passing over Faerun, you see winter has befallen the continent, the irony not being lost on the now frozen kingdom of Neverwinter. Benjamin descends into the icy harbor to allow Po and Veera to investigate Helm’s Watch – a notable sight from when deities once walked upon Edena. Through a most potent Grim Psychometry, Veera witnesses a puzzling standoff between a deified Helm and weakened Lolth, who torments the law-abiding defender with the wanton slaughter of innocents.

From atop the cliffs, Daddy’s Little Detectors notice an elemental bombardment, which they are quick to uncover as a pair of giants hunting from the clouds. Their quarry? The same pack of Wheek-Wheeks you had encountered in Haraparvaat, which appear to be following the scent of their moosen messiah, who unfortunately arrives with nearly-prophetic timing. While the tolkien estate readies their lawyers against the now-white savior to a bunch of small, hairy creatures – the party talks the giants down from their bet and gets them to fly away with the wheek-wheek’s they’ve already killed. And, as we closed the session – those cantankerous boondiggle boys make an unsettling revelation, Po’s was not the only egg on that dark and fateful night.
