---
layout: session-recap
title: "Session #98 - Don’t Put Weed in your Campaign"
categories: session-recaps
---

In our last session, we take a look back as Kaladin druids his way through the desert, crossing paths with the dank, dusty, and disturbed dryad, Mad Mary Jane. Here, he finds her small enclave of reborn, cactoid followers, who she asserts are actually fallen townsfolk she has saved. A modest, herbal fortune is passed along as a peace offering, which the bald yet benevolent maker of this world will surely not regret.

After a contentious argument on the matter, Yuka sets out into the night with the bag over his back, emerging from the desert to disperse dank and aromatic herb as a future archdruid is sure to do. After learning who it came from, Madam Melifera threatens to throw him in jail, but Po is similarly able to distribute reason amongst the crowd. Meanwhile, back at the ship, Kaladin and Mari get fucking toasted.

The following morning, your team sets out with Judah and the crew to destroy Mary’s sword once and for all, and tango with its primordial counterpart hidden somewhere in the sands. A canyon ambush makes for a high speed encounter where we see the rarely used strategy of force-fed narcotics – not seen since a blightful day in the Glitterforge in campaign 1.

As the desert rumble concludes, Mary's relic possesses her body and pleads with the primordial within Kiwi’s Blade, which it calls its fellow ‘fragment’. Working together, they might achieve the long-desired Oneness – which proves to be fruitless. Kiwi and Mari slash and shoot the relic until it breaks.
